{noise} I'm going to do a movie review of Three-Hundred. 

It is pretty much a remake of an old (umm)

older movie they made, Three-Hundred, like years ago. I just recently found this out. This movie was released in early March of two-thousand-seven and (umm)

it's an action adventure, 

little bit of drama, full of war in it

and (umm) basically it's about the (uhh)

an old, ancient (umm) civilization Spartans. They really didn't live very long as a society cause they were kind of like a a (stutter) warlike society that could fight, that's what they're based on. And

in the beginning you kind of see (umm) the child (umm) which will be the king. The child kind of grows up learning how to fight, learning how to control himself and (umm) on an early age he's thrown out of, 

you know, away from his family so he can learn how to survive. This guy's a strong, strong guy. When he becomes king

he's faced with the (umm) Persian (umm) army (uhh) threat. They they (stutter) come and say, you know, if you don't give us what we want pretty much you're gonna be destroyed, and he doesn't accept this to start with. He's like, you know, "No, I don't think so." So 

(umm) 

you know,

his, his people really, you know, they don't want to fight. I mean he he (stutter) has to go with throughout the politics of the society, he can't just do what he wants. And they don't want to do it, so what he does is he gets three-hundred of (uhh) the best guys he can think of to

(umm)

go out and fight 

(uhh) the Persians. And there, you know, there are a lot of Persians. Huge, huge amount. An army that come with them. It's a really good movie. It It's (stutter) just, it's dark, 

it's just great war movie. Lot of (uhh) good fight scenes. It's just an, it's a really awesome movie. If I was to give this a rating it's an A plus plus plus. This is, by far, one of the best movies I've seen. (uhh) War type movie. (umm) It's really good. 

(uhh) (stutter) They couldn't go wrong with this movie. It's produced by (uhh) Frank Miller, which he does always does a great job

and I just I like this movie a lot. I recommend this highly to watch. Awesome movie.