I'm going to do a movie review on 

Pirates of the Caribbean: 

At World's End. 

(umm) This movie is currently still playing in the theaters, 

and (umm) I just recently watched it. 

(umm) I waited a while for (uhh) everybody to you know, because people wanted to see it as soon as it came out. 

I waited a while for it to die down before I went and saw it because I figured (uhh) since this is the the (stutter) 
the third installment you know, usually it comes into third movies, which, 

(umm) I've already done reviews on some third installment movies and, 

and they kind of sometimes lack. 

But when it comes to Pirates of the Caribbean the second one I didn't like. 

The first one I liked a lot. The second movie kind of died off for me the way they, they killed Jack Sparrow. 

And this movie starring the same characters, (uhh) (uhh) 

and Johnny Depp, 

(umm) Orlando Bloom and (uhh) 

Keira Knightley I believe 

(umm) for the names of the actors. 

(umm) 

It's a long movie, it's like two and a half hours maybe almost two to forty-five minutes. 

So and it has a lot of action in the movie. 

It (stutter) did kind of almost too much action, it, I think it numbs you after a while because it's got so much going on. 

And (umm) you know, the the (stutter) kind of back and forth plot goes here, it goes there goes all over the place, there's a lot of things going on so if you're not paying attention you're gonna kind of, 

kind of get lost in it.

And so.

But the, (stutter) but you know they did pretty good on the graphics. 

(umm) The CG is great. 

And (umm) the story's, you know, it, 

it keeps you out, oh I kind of wish they would of, of (stutter) maybe split this movie up 

or shortened it or something. Because this it's just, it's (stutter) almost just too much. 

They try to cram everything all in at once and it, it just didn't it just didn't (stutter) cut it for me. 

(umm) 

There's some parts I liked, some parts I didn't, so 

if I was to grade it I'd probably give it a C plus. 

(umm) I know the critics didn't give it a very good grade. 

But you know. 

(uhh) So I didn't like the movie.