I'll be reviewing (uhh) the movie Spider-Man Three which is currently in the theaters, which is the third and looked like the final, you know, these the Spider-Man trilogy but there might be more made with different actors or even a different director, it's hard to say.

And you know I was pretty, I was looking forward to this movie you know quite a bit. (umm) You know I was a big fan of the first so that they were done pretty well, you know, with Sam Raimi directing

it's pretty much, you know, the perfect choice, you know, for the, for the (stutter) movies in that, you know, he didn't take them too seriously, you know he knew how to joke around with the makeup, kind of, you know, goofy and kind of like booky and that kind of thing and it really worked for the (uhh) first two. I mean they always had good villains with like Alfred Molina playing (umm)

Doctor Octopus and, you know, (umm) that kind of thing. (umm) But for some reason the third one really fell apart. (uhh) They had too many villains and it was just really hokey and it felt like they were just trying to do way, I mean, really it felt like it was two movies

they tried to cram into one and (uhh) they didn't give enough time to relay anything. (uhh) I mean Peter Parker's character, you know, was (uhh) even, you know, when controlled by the symbiote (umm) it's just (uhh) it's just kind of a big mess. I just really left the theater feeling just kind of (uhh). And the more and more I thought about it, the more and more I just really hated the movie. It's just, it's a bad movie (uhh), you know? With bad characterizations. The acting surprisingly enough was actually worse than the first two which is really saying something, you know, it's probably the definitely the weakest point of the first two movies. And (umm) it's just a big puddle of, you know, mess. Even the action sequences aren't as good as (uhh) the first and the second one so I gotta say it purp (stutter), I will, don't know if I say it ruined the trilogy. Well, it ruined the trilogy, I don't know if it ruined the first two movies for me. But if you haven't seen it yet and you are a big Spider-Man fan, you know, I'd probably say it's, you're probably okay to just avoid it.