Hi everyone, I'm Rebecca, and I'm here today to review the new movie in theaters called Ratatouille. 

It is from Walt Disney and Pixar

and so it is obviously for children and adults alike. (umm)

Pixar's put out a lot of wonderful movies in the past ten years or so,

starting with, like, Toy Story and A Bug's Life and (umm) they've just done a lot of fun movies for kids and the great thing about Pixar movies is (umm)

not just the kids enjoy them but the adults enjoy them as well, and this one was no exception. (umm)

Ratatouille is about a little rat

in Paris

who has this desire to be more, has this desire to be more than just your regular rat who steals food and,

you know, squanders stuff wherever he can

and invades everybody's house, that kind of thing. He wants to be a chef. He has this amazing talent for (umm)

tasting food, and appreciating the finer points of food, and he wants to be a chef. He gets himself in a position where he can

be in a kitchen, a chef's kitchen, 

and the story kind of revolves around his journey (umm)

to helping a human being become a better chef

(umm) by using his own talents as a rat who knows a lot about food. Sounds totally weird 

when you think about the story line, but it's so cute. (umm)

This little Ratatouille rat (umm) 

I think his name is Remi,

in the movie he becomes very good friends with this want to be chef and they help each other, basically, you know they help each kind of realize their dreams and

it's just very precious, it's very sweet, (umm) and you laugh and laugh and laugh. (uhh) 

It's just, you know, the whole idea of it is funny, but when (umm)

the end, you know comes, (stutter) when the end gets there you will have an appreciation for (umm) everybody being able to follow their dreams no matter how

crazy they seem, or how out of reach it seems (umm) for a different individual. So 

(umm) I would say definitely see it, I would give it five stars, it's a great family movie. My little boy enjoyed it, he's six, 

and I enjoyed it and (umm)

I think it's definitely one of Disney's and Pixar's best so

if you get a chance, go see it. That's my review of Ratatouille.