Hello, everybody. This is Helsing920 (stutter), and I've got a DVD review for everybody. And even though it is only, right now, at least, it is only, you know, July, I'm talking about holidays today, specifically, three of my all-time favorite holiday specials on one disc. I'm talking about Garfield Holiday Celebrations. 

This one disc contains not only Garfield, not only Garfield's Halloween, Halloween (stutter) Adventure, a special I've I've (stutter) watched almost every year since I was about four, but it also has Garfield's (stutter) Thanksgiving, which is a pretty funny little short, funny little special, and A Garfield's Christmas, which is just absolutely awesome.

Honestly, if you are a fan of Garfield in any way, you're going to absolutely adore this thing. It's probably three of the best (stutter) holiday specials made in the last

(uhh) let's see. Let's see (stutter) now, the Halloween special, a little, I'm going to go about twenty-five years. And that's being really generous, because I know that the I know that the (stutter) Halloween Adventure was made after I was born, and I was born in eighty two. But still.

Regardless (umm) all three specials are just awesome. And this and this (stutter) disc, unfortunately, you really aren't going to find it in stores until around October, when everyone starts stocking up on Halloween DVDs. In fact, that's when I got this thing. Or I should say, that, that, that (stutter) is when my family picked up this thing. 

And I sat down and I I (stutter) watched the whole thing at once. 

And then, Thanksgiving, I watched it all again. And then Christmas, I watched it all again. I watched this thing three times in three months. 

That's saying quite a bit, guys. So, yeah, Garfield's Halloween, or Holiday Celebrations. This thing, if you guys don't have it, you're going to need it for your holiday DVD list. I'm giving this beast a four out of, (stutter) I mean, (uhh) wait, four, no. Uh-uh. This sucker here gets full honors, guys. Five out of five. And if you can find it, pick it up.

Yeah.