Alright Napoleon Dynamite. 

Pretty much everyone has seen this movie,

but if you haven't yet,

it's (umm) something you should definitely see and definitely buy.

Excuse me. It's a very,

(uhh) it's a very good collectors item

(uhh) it's a really funny movie.

Real great comedy, (uhh) good for people of all ages

as well. It's not just a, it's not a typical children's movie

where it's kind of unintellectual (stutter) humor, that only kids would find funny. 

Adults can find it too because I'm eighteen years old and I was laughing the whole way through it. 

(umm) The the the (stutter) character Napoleon Dynamite he's a very unique 

(uhh) character something I I (stutter) had never seen in a movie before. He's (umm) a high school student 

with a very vivid imagination

and he he (stutter) draws things that

seems like an an (stutter) elementary schooler would draw.

(uhh) The movie it seems to take place sometime back in the nineties.

It's kind of old-fashioned in terms of (uhh)

today's (stutter) modern, modernization.

But (uhh) 

basically this guy, he's he's (stutter) from the lovable loser 

and he doesn't have too many friends until partway through the movie when he meets the (uhh)

the new kid in school

and he becomes friends with him

and eventually

they meet (uhh)

a girl 

and then the three of them 

(uhh) go on a quest to try and make the new kid the class president. 

And that's pretty much the most there is in terms of a story. 

But

they follow other characters in the movie such as (uhh) his brother Kip, 

and his uncle named Rico. 

And they all kind of have their different story and the movie follows each one of them, they each have

(umm) you know, unique original personas that this, that the movie follows.

And (umm) very well done, very original movie and very funny.

Overall I think I 

probably give it a 

four point eight stars out of five. So 

Napoleon Dynamite, go buy it.