This review is for the movie Dead Silence.

I got this movie because (uhh) I like horror movies every now and then and it says from the writer and director of Saw.

I really liked Saw, I thought Saw was a pretty interesting original movie so I thought this would be good too. 

(uhh) but I was very disappointed by this movie.

There, it's just it's (stutter) there's a lot of stuff that doesn't make any sense 

and a lot of stuff that just seems to be there just for the the (stutter) sake of the story 

like wouldn't happen otherwise. 

I mean I understand in movies that you have to suspend, you know 

disbelief

for the sake of the story but when it, when it (stutter) there is nothing on it to hold on to, then it kind of truth or reality then it kind of just becomes nothing you know, waste of time.

That's kind of what this movie became.

And (uhh) as I was watching the extended features, they were talking about how great the sets were, how you know how, how (stutter) all the stuff they did was incredible and 

and I think they put more emphasis on the look of the movie rather than the actual movie itself and story line and everything else.

And another thing that 

I I (stutter) kind of realize why the movie wasn't that great cause it kind of didn't, 

really not make any sense to me.

It really seem like it was going all over. And it had an alternate ending and when I watched it,

I kinda realized now the, the (stutter) actual, alternate ending kinda, could have made the movie go into two different directions 

and because they had two endings in mind, I think that they didn't really get a grasp on the actually theme of the story, what it should be from start to finish.

(umm) Like the great xxx said,

if you have more than one ending for a story, you're in trouble 

and I think that holds true with this.

I wouldn't recommend it, there's really not anything scary in it.

They try to have little scary moments that you have seen in every other horror movie, 

you know, knock offs of of (stutter) the kind of scare tactics that other movies have used and they don't even do a good job with that.

So I didn't find this movie scary.

I kinda found it ridiculous and pointless.