Hi, this is my movie review of the movie (stutter) License to Wed starring Mandy Moore. (umm) This is a movie I though was going to be pretty funny because the trailer looked pretty funny and it's got you know Robin Williams, which I personally like and thought you know he's gonna bring some entertainment to this movie. But I didn't really like this movie at all. It was boring.

(stutter) The plot

It was like it didn't have a plot. It was just they are trying to you know create all these things to make you laugh but I don't think it was funny at all. Even the robotic baby part was supposed to be funny, it didn't turn out to be funny in the film. It looked funny in the clip for the trailer but didn't seem funny at all. And

(umm) you know Mandy Moore's character is kind of like, you feel like her character's unrealistic because what type of girl would go that hard core to you know to get married in this church and it just seemed unrealistic and she gets all in a hissy fit and it's just really really tiring and stressful movie. And it wasn't and I feel like the characters were underdeveloped. They're you don't like any of the characters. You don't connect with any of the characters. And

It felt like the you know there's like

just a little bit just way too typical of a boring film that tries really hard to be funny but it's just not funny at all and it's not it's not (stutter) witty. It it's (stutter) not even romantic you know in a way that, the way it's written it's like how can someone you know go that hard. It's just like at the end when you're done with the movie you don't even believe in the original premise of the movie. You don't believe that someone can actually you know believe in the priest and just wanted get married that badly in that church. And be you know believe everything in the priest, it's just kind of like, the movie's stressful. I don't know if it's the acting or the way the characters are characterized. It's just really boring, bland film that even the plot it didn't really have anything going on for that. So (umm)

For those who are interested, I definitely do not recommend this movie at all. I mean I mean (stutter) if you're really bored and if you're looking for something to do, the last resort and if you wanna go to a movie theater, pick any movie but this one, because it seemed like a very interesting movie but it turns out to be just very bland.