Hey, you all. How's it going? My name is Jordan, and I'm going to be reviewing a movie today. And that movie is called Crank. 

Now (umm) I don't know about you all, but I have seen tons and tons of advertisements for this movie. And when I saw the advertisements, it looked like a really action-packed kind of (uhh) suspenseful movie that I thought I was really going to enjoy. However, I got into the theater, and I started watching the movie and everything, and everything was extremely cheesy.

(uhh) Basically, it's about this guy who gets injected with this kind of serum or something that makes it so he cannot let his heartbeat drop below a certain rate and, or he'll die. 

So, basically, the entire movie, he's trying to keep his heartbeat up while trying to, you know, get back at the people who did this to him, say goodbye to his girlfriend, you know, tell the people that he, that he knows that he's dying and things like that. 

But (umm) a lot of the movie didn't really make sense. There was a lot of plot holes. I wouldn't really recommend it if you're kind of (uhh) if you like to think about things and, you know, if if (stutter) you're looking for just sheer blow-up stuff and, you know, things going fast and things blowing up, then I would definitely recommend seeing this movie. However, if you're looking for a sophisticated action movie that make sense, then I would not recommend this.

(umm) The acting is only so-so. I didn't really care for the main actor. I never really cared for any of his movies. They all seem the same to me. (uhh) But (umm) but (stutter) overall, I was not very happy with this movie. I would not recommend it for people to go out and see it. I kind of wish I wouldn't have seen it, because the previews were better than the actual movie. The previews showed the best parts of the movie. The previews showed the biggest action part of the movie. And so (umm) I wouldn't really recommend it.

So if you're looking for a good action movie, try to go see something else because this one is just not worth it. So definitely stay away from Crank. But (umm) that sounds kind of funny, but the movie, stay away from Crank, the movie. 

(umm) Yeah, but that's it.