I'll be reviewing the DVD version of Fantastic Four.

(uhh) I was really disappointed with this movie you know. I wasn't I'm not a huge fan of Fantastic Four. My limited experience with comics to begin with but this just, was just kind of a 

an (uhh) movie, you know. It's just kind of the big, super slick you know, action blockbuster that's you know, a lot of lot of (stutter) you know, colors, a lot of style but not really much substance behind it.

(uhh) You know Michael Chiklis does a pretty good job but he's really the only (uhh) you know decent actor.

You know, the people the people (stutter) who get this you know, Jessica Alba's a good actress too but

(uhh) he just you know, gives a pretty decent performance or worthwhile performance you know, a bunch.

(uhh) You know, if you don't know what it's about

(uhh) you know it's a team of scientists that go up into space to explore this kind of radiation field that's going by earth and you know it ends up

you know destroying their station and when they get back they all develop super powers you know. Four of em become the Fantastic Four and you know the fifth one

(uhh) becomes you know the evil

(uhh) the evil (uhh)

the evil villain you know that they have to fight and save the world against.

(umm) You know like I said, it's it's (stutter) an alright movie. It's it's (stutter) a popcorn flick you know definitely. It's not even, unfortunately it's not even that great of a popcorn flick but you know, if you like this kind of movie you know, you probably wanna pick it up.

(uhh) Special features is not so bad (uhh) you know. It's got a commentary from some of the actors and the director.

(uhh) It's got a video diary from the filming, behind the scenes

(uhh) you know some deleted scenes, a making of documentary. It's your usual bunch. I mean it's not that bad as far as that goes. But

(uhh) you know it might be worth checking out,

(uhh) you know if you like this kind of thing. But you know like I said it is honestly pretty forgettable in my opinion and

(uhh) it's probably not worth more than a rental.