Hi, this is my movie review of the movie, Sunshine and this is a movie that stars Cillian Murphy

and (umm) Chris Evans as people who from the Earth (umm) who realize that the sun is dying and they are trying to send a payload to the sun to rejuice the sun. 

(umm) I think the movie has been a little bit overrated.

(umm) I didn't like the movie at all. I think it wasn't as good as (umm)

I don't think it's as good as like

any science fiction movie. I don't think it's as good as those in space, you know movies, because

I felt not only was the production really cheap, (umm)

I I (stutter) just didn't really believe that you can have a whole spaceship full of people, never (umm) showing like you (stutter) no gravity scenes and

that was, but that was not the majority of the problem though. The majority of the problem

was the movie didn't really have a good plot (umm) as advertised as being cool you know and directed by the same person who did twenty-eight days later and you know, stars Cillian Murphy who's supposed to be a good acting.

But you know what, doesn't matter all of those, it doesn't matter if movies look beautiful. I think what matters the most is the movie has a good plot, it has a feasible plot you know, it's got maybe like a message at the end that's not too cliche (umm) and the movie failed in every aspect in my opinion. I didn't think it was visually stunning. I didn't think the story was interesting. I didn't even, in the end of the movie, I was like {sigh} relieved that the movie was done you know. I couldn't wait to 

not watch the movie and (stutter)I mean I just wanted to fast forward and see what happens in the end. And in the end it was very predictable

it was like, and there was, basically there were some parts of the movie where they questioned like you know (stutter) how mentally you know ill the people on board the (umm) spacecraft and you know, that's that's (stutter) a really old concept and it's been overdone in so many movies

and I just feel like

that's just one of the most boring film I've seen this year so I absolutely don't recommend it. If you're that big of a fan so Cillian Murphy maybe,

but overall the movie

had like, (stutter) it was just like really limited. I don't really think they got creative. I thought because they were on a spaceship it really limited like the story telling and

it was just really bad. It's not good science fiction. It's not, you know, good in space or at least not good action not, it's just (stutter) bad. 

I don't recommend it.