Hi, this is my movie review

of the movie

(umm) Twenty-Eight Weeks Later

and

(umm) first of all, I have to say, I saw the first movie, Twenty-Eight Days Later,

and I thought it was actually quite intriguing despite being really nasty.

(umm) I'm actually quite intrigued with the kind of like modern-day zombie movies. I've seen almost every one of them from

the pretty good one to the mediocre one to the really really bad one. Basically,

zombie movies,

(umm) 

nowadays zombie movies 

are 

based on one concept. 

Now it doesn't matter if they call it differently, they're the same.

They basically have some type of virus that

they have and then they bite people and then they infect people

and then they all have you know the walking dead I'm gonna bite people (umm) virus, and

Twenty-Eight

Days Later explored that

(umm)

and it was set in England and this movie's also set in in (stutter) the United Kingdom and it's basically

that they sealed off after the first attack

and

(umm)

America and the United Nations are opening up Great Britain, they're cleaning up the mess

(umm)

because they think all the zombies have died or has been fire bombed and exterminated,

so they go

(umm) try to bring, resettle Great Britain

with the people who survived and people who escaped.

And the story starts out with a family,

and

(umm)

the father's reunited reunited (stutter) with

(umm)

the

brother and the sister,

and basically (umm) they're really shattered

that you

know their mom died.

(umm) but

one of the twist is that

(umm)

the movie is that they find the mom

and

(umm) that's where the story begins. (umm)

I think I think (stutter)

the movie was

it's okay in terms of plot.

I think 

the 

mom coming back and

she's being really you know advertised in the trailers as

(umm) being really important person, and she is a very important person

(umm)

in this movie. I think one of the things that kind of bothered me is that when they

brought the character back, the

way they did that was really annoying because they relied on

the children

(umm) the characters as being really idiotic. They relied on a lot of

chance events that feels really like

forced and feel very unrealistic. It's like

you're looking at the movie, you're like,

screaming at the movie like what the heck, like, that's so stupid, like

no normal human with normal intelligence would do that, so it's like,

when you, (stutter)

there's certain parts, like in the beginning where you're just like how could they do that and it just feels so that like the film maker ran out of ideas so they used some cheap idea to, you know, create some drama to

(stutter) bring the zombies into the film. It it (stutter) felt so,

that part was so bad, but (umm)

apart from that

you know whole frustration with

(umm) I think

bad writing, or you know,

bad plot twist, if you can even say plot twist, it's been advertised,

you know everybody knows that the mother's going to

(umm) come back and make a difference and
there's
something, you know, to do with the family member, so like the film has been advertised as that, so
(stutter) but the way that they did that was just really unoriginal; it was just really bad,
(umm)and it just kinda invalidated the entire point of the film because,if they've done it more creatively and more believably they would have made a really fantastic film, because there are things, there's some good action you know there's some good escaping, good (umm) zombie basher, good shootouts, so
the rest of the film is actually not that bad, just the beginning and the justification for these events, it's
completely unbelievable, so, if you can put that aside, then you will pay, you will like this movie
(umm) from the beginning to end it's got some good points,
but you know if you really hate where (umm) certain plot point feels really really really real unrealistic, then
you probably would not want to watch this movie.