Hi. This is Mama Three for expotv. Today I'd like to review the movie Aladdin on Disney DVD.

This movie was originally released in nineteen-ninety-two, it's rated G, and it's approximately ninety minutes long.

This is the story of a boy named Aladdin who really lives just on the streets, and a princess named Jasmine who doesn't like the laws that have been set forth by the kingdom for a princess. 

She wants more than what's in the castle, she wants to go out and experience things, and in that process she meets Aladdin. He knows that she can never be with him because she is has to marry a prince and he's not one. In the process he finds a lamp and inside is a genie. The genie cannot make

her fall in love with him, but he can however turn Aladdin into a prince and that is what he does.

Along with this nobody knows that the king's

closest advisor, named Jafar,

is trying to get power of the kingdom from the king.

He ends up getting ahold of the

lamp and you can just imagine what happens with that. This movie does have some scary scenes in it. At the end when Jafar turns into a snake if your child is afraid of snakes in any way I would fast forward that part of the movie or possibly

this one isn't the one for them. Some of the neatest thing in this is the animation. Robin Williams voices the genie.

Robin Williams, I'm sorry, voices the genie, and they really got his facial characteristics. You can see him actually doing the things that the genie does and there's actually one part during one of the songs where (stutter) does Robin Williams impersonations of several of the characters that he does and they make the genie turn into those characters and I just think they did a really good

job with this animation. It's an entertaining film

and I think it's one that most children will enjoy. It did win

two Oscars, one for original score and one for (umm) best (stutter) original song with A Whole New World.

(stutter) One of the other voices that you might hear in the movie is of Gilbert Gottfried. He plays the parrot Iago and that's one of those things where you hear it and you

think that you might know what what (stutter) it is, so that's the other famous voice in the movie. But this is a good movie for kids.

I would recommend it.