Hi. This is Mike Marvin with the review of the two-thousand seven version of Halloween.

(umm) I personally think that the original Halloween is the greatest horror film of all time you know.

It's I mean {sigh}

countless articles of it written about how it's out of the slasher genre and all that stuff but for some reason a lot of people today say that the film doesn't really (uhh) hold up, it doesn't age well (uhh) but I think those people are too cynical.

(uhh) I saw the movie when I was like thirteen or fourteen and (umm)

it scared the crap out of me and this was before I seen a ton of horror film and granted you're kinda a babe in the wood if you are seeing it that that (stutter) young and you know that (uhh) 

uneducated about horror films but it really did and I also showed it to my thirteen year old brother recently and so I can definitely attest it and it can still scare the crap out of people who have never seen it and haven't seen a lot of horror movies.

(umm) First {sigh}

I (uhh) have to go on to say

before I get into this any further is that I really don't like Rob Zombie.

(umm) I mean as a film maker you know, I have nothing against him as a person or anything it's just that his films are like totally for me style over substance and the style just gives me a headache.

(umm) It's the the over saturated colors and the (uhh) MTV editing. It's just that it's bad so (umm)

{sigh} not surprisingly that I really hated the remake of Halloween. (umm)

There are some pretty good cinematography I guess and (umm) and the score at least

(stutter) when they started doing variations on (uhh) John Carpenters classic Halloween theme, 

that's pretty cool but other than that the film is it's it's (stutter) like totally worthless, totally useless to me.

(umm) It it's (stutter) so mean spirited {umm) like there is no elegance about it like there was in the original Halloween (umm) and 

{sigh} everybody says this but seriously,

why do you have to explain Michael Meyers. There are so many scenes where just like Michael Meyers and (uhh) Doctor Loomis.

Michael Meyers is a kid and Doctor Loomis sitting in a room and talking about like Micheal's feelings and why he does like why did he kill his sister and all this stuff.

Who cares?

Who cares?

Michael Meyers is the boogie man, that's it that's all you need to know.

He's the boogie man that's why he's evil. Why is he evil? Cause he's evil. No one cares.

When (stutter) they got into Halloween four and five and six especially five and six,

they tried to explain everything,

they tried to say he was you know

(uhh) a druid experiment gone wrong and all this crap that doesn't matter. I don't care (stutter) that's actually slightly less like horrific {laugh} of story telling for me than Rob Zombie saying like (uhh) he's (uhh) a bad kid cause his mom's a stripper and (uhh) his dad was real mean.

I mean come on that lame that's just that's just like completely demystifying one of the greatest. you know. horror villains of all time and I know that in Halloween two they start to tried to explain it by saying that,

you know Lorrie was his sister and all this stuff but,

I don't know. I'm rambling. I'm sorry.

Basically this film was a huge huge huge waste of time {laugh}

not to be cruel but, it's horrible and (uhh) really just another notch in the very crappy of Mister Rob Zombie's film career.