Hey there expo tv, Summer here. And I have another dvd review for you. Today we're reviewing Bound. Now Bound was a fantastic film with Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly and it was brought up in nineteen ninety six. Now believe or not the writers and the directors of this were the Wachowski brothers, which actually are famous now for the Matrix trilogies. Now Bound is in no way shape or form anything similar to the Matrix movie so don't get excited in that regard. (uhh) The storyline is two female lovers that decide that they are going to steal millions from the mob and pin it on

Tilly's character's boyfriend who is not so smart and sort of caught up in Jennifer Tilly. (uhh) The negative with this movie was that I didn't find that they actually acted like they were in love. You know the the (stutter) script really plays it out that these two women are so in love that they're willing to do anything for each other, and but but (stutter) there was no chemistry between them, there wasn't that comfortability factor with the love. So that was a bit negative for me, other than that it was actually a great movie, I'm not a fan of Jennifer Tilly, not a fan of Gina Gershon, (uhh) but they really did well in this, this wasn't like a B acted movie it was really well done.

Now for the specifics the movie is about an hour and forty-nine minutes long. And this version that I have is unrated. There is definitely nothing for kids in this movie. It, there is sexual situations, there's some nudity there's a lot of language. So Bound is not for kids. But it it (stutter) truly is a great movie to watch, it's great to see the debut of the Wachowski brothers and to see where they  moved from this movie into the Matrix series. So Bound I have to give it five stars because I was really surprised at how well acted it was with the two main actresses. So Bound, five stars great movie, great dvd, maybe not necessarily an add for everyone to their dvd collection, but certainly a great renter. Bound, go out and see it.