Hi, my name is Catherine and I want to talk to you about one of Walt Disney's newer movies

called 

Lilo and Stitch. 

(umm) This movie was surprisingly 

(umm) very cute and very good.

(umm) The reason I say surprisingly is because I grew up with those classic Disney movies and I'm always afraid that the newer ones aren't going to be quite as good. 

(umm) But this one has quickly earned it's way into my heart to become one of my favorites.

(umm) It's a original story.

(umm) It starts out with Stitch the alien who is 

(umm) in big trouble because he's kind of 

(umm) a brat around some of the other planets and his his (stutter) creator is in trouble for creating a new species.

(umm) Stitch escapes as he's being hauled away to prison and he makes his way to Earth and lands on the island of Hawaii where he gets put into the dog pound.

(umm) Lilo, who's the little girl living with her sister because their parents have died,

(umm) Lilo decides that she wants a dog and so her sister takes her to go to the dog pound and of course she picks out Stitch.

(umm) Stitch causes havoc

(umm) in both of their lives.

(umm) But at the end, it ends up being 

(umm) that he becomes part of their family.

(umm) It's a very cute story. Features a lot of Elvis songs for those Elvis fans.

(umm) And there's a lot of memorable characters in it.

(umm) There's other human characters

(umm) and a couple of alien ones as well.

(umm) There's a couple of original songs also and there are some special features on this DVD, including some deleted scenes.

(umm) There's also a really cute short where Stitch is wreaking havoc in some of the other classic Disney movies.

(umm) So that's a little animated thing that was very funny to watch.

(umm) And there's also 

(umm) a music video

(umm) and a game. So (stutter) I definitely recommend this for kids and I also recommend it for adults, even though you also may have grown up with those classic Disney movies and maybe a little wary about it.

(umm) This is definitely a good buy.