This review is for the movie Three Hundred,

a Warner Brother picture.

(uhh) This movie actually was made from (uhh) a cartoon series of a book.

(uhh) It was originally in in (stutter) cartoon form. (uhh) And when they made the movie, the look of the movie is is (stutter) pretty interesting cuz they they (stutter) kind of made it to look kind of, I believe kind of along the lines of a of a (stutter)

animated cartoon.

(uhh) The way they did that was this whole movie was shot in a studio behind a green screen.

And what that is, is basically there's a big green screen behind the actors and then later they take out that green screen and put in the (umm) whatever they want, the (umm) 

the landscape or whatever.

(umm) So basically it's an all digital movie. They did a lot of the effects digitally

and (uhh) this is a really great movie, I really like it.

(uhh) There's a lot of action in it.

(uhh) What it focuses around is (uhh) Spartans, the three hundred Spartans that held off the Persian army.

(uhh) and the king here on the cover

that (uhh) leads them and basically it's like a suicide mission

but he wants to do it so he can give all the other Spartans and all the other Romans hope

so they can defeat this this (stutter) huge Persian army that's coming.

And (umm) It's just, it's it's (stutter) a really good story,

the action in it is just just (stutter) unbelievable.

(umm) What's really cool about it is some of the things like you'll see a guy jumping in the air with a sword and then he'll stop in the air for a couple seconds

and then they'll go slow motion.

You know really cool effects.

(umm) So if you like action movies and you like kind of time period pieces, or fantasy pieces I would guess,

(uhh) this would be a really great movie if you haven't seen it.

(uhh) It has some weird like mythological creatures in it.

(umm) Just a good story, and (uhh) basically in a nutshell real quick the story is

where (uhh) the king of Persia

he comes, he sends some (umm)

(uhh) people into (umm)

Rome basically to tell them to give up because he's coming and he wants to take over the land.

And he sends these two attaches to Sparta

which is this king's (uhh) territory,

and they basically drop some heads of other kings that they they've (stutter) conquered, at you know this guy's feet and tell him to (uhh) give up or he's gonna

have the same fate.

And this guy's a real

bad mother effer.

And he basically kicks the guy into this big pit

that is endless pit or whatever.

And the battle's on. (umm)

And like I said the fight scenes are incredible.

(uhh) I'm not gonna tell you the ending, the ending is really, really cool in my opinion.

(umm) And the the (stutter) story follows

the the (stutter) king, it shows a little bit when he was a kid how he was trained and how he how he (stutter) was brought up

(uhh) in the Sparta lifestyle.

And how he became king and also his wife which is the queen, it shows her how

she (umm)

kind of (uhh) thwarts some treachery that's going on also

(umm) to try to kind of overtake her husband and and (stutter) spread bad

bad views and ill will about him, 

and she actually stands up and and (stutter) does a good job of of (stutter)

you know (umm) being a man {laugh} I guess. But anyway this is a really great movie, it's made by Warner Brothers,

(uhh) it's it's (stutter) original in the sense that the way it was filmed and the look of it, it's kind of a washed out color look.

(uhh) If you haven't seen it I would definitely recommend it (uhh) Three Hundred.