Hi, my name is Anaj and today I'm reviewing the movie Lions for Lambs which is currently playing in theaters nationwide. Now Lions for Lambs has a great star cast. It stars Robert Redford,

Tom Cruise, Meryl (stutter) Streep, and you know that's about it, that's the only good thing about the movie, there's nothing else that is good about this movie and I'll tell you why. So (stutter) so Tom cruise is a senator and (uhh) Meryl Streep is a

(uhh) reporter from one of the newspapers or magazine or TV that I'm not very sure, but she's, she's (stutter) a reporter. So one of the scenes is going on in Tom Cruise's office where the reporter and Tom Cruise are talking to each other. The other scene is back in Afghanistan and there's a platoon of, you know, the army, the marines who are kind of

fighting, and the third is actually a philosophy professor who's talking to his student in his office. And (stutter) all the three of the, you know, all the three scenes are kind of related to each other because they're talking about why did the US go to war with Afghanistan and Iraq and what was the reason and what can be done now? And

(stutter) you know whatever they talk about it's, they try to make a (stutter) drama out of it, a dramatic movie out of it, but really doesn't make sense, you know. (stutter) Everyone that I've talked to, I saw the movie I hated it. Everyone I talks to said that it did not make any sense. You know with all these star casts, these (stutter) star collectors in there, you know, that you go watch Tom Cruise in theaters (uhh) you know he hasn't been in theaters for a while now. And you see go watch his new movie and it's it's (stutter), you know,

crap. It's it's (stutter) not at all good, I'm sorry for the words but that's what the movie is. And (uhh) I rate this movie one out of five. If I had a chance of putting it zero, so you know,

it's D. If I get a chance of F I'll give a F, I'll give it a zero. But anyways I'll give it a one. Do not go in theaters to watch this movie, this (uhh) movie's no good. I mean

only if you have an additional two hours in your life that you have nothing to do go watch that movie.

(uhh) Anyways this (uhh) review of the movie Lions for Lambs and my rating for this movie is one out of five.