Hi. I'm Liz and I'm here to talk to you about The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, based on the beloved series of books by Douglas Adams, may he rest in peace.

(umm) I'm not entirely convinced that the people who made this movie understood the books at all. (umm) Part of, I think, that the remarkable thing about the books is Douglas Adams wrote them sequentially, with no planning ahead of time as to what was gonna to happen. And yet, they all come around into an incredibly tight plot and theme.

(uhh) That's part of what makes them so amazing. And this movie destroys all of that by sort of creating its own (umm) self-contained plot because I guess they weren't planning on making more movies. They're certainly not going to now, I don't think. (umm) Since no one really liked it that much.

(umm) They just {sigh} it's hard to explain if you're not a Douglas Adams fan. You haven't, you know, read all the books and seen the movie. To really feel what it was they got wrong, there's just a feeling missing. Everything that he intended and all these sort of (umm) jokes that he meant to be funny in a particular way just aren't the same, and they've added a lot of their own jokes that are funny in a very different way, not not (stutter) what he would have wanted.

(umm) It's not a great adaptation. Is it a good movie? I suppose it's kind of amusing in its own way, but it's not a good adaptation of the story. And I think the greatest example of that is the line at the very end, when Alan Rickman as the robot says, they're (stutter) heading to the Restaurant at the End of the Universe, which is the name of the second, the second (stutter) novel in the series, and is an actual setting in the novel. And he says, not that anyone cares, or asked me, or whatever, but the restaurant is at the other end of the universe.

The restaurant was not, even if you casually read Douglas Adams, you know the restaurant is not at the physical end of the universe, it's at the temporal end of the universe. It's a place where you can go, utilizing time travel, you can go to this particular point in time, at just the point the universe ends, and watch it end. And that's sort of the main attraction of the restaurant. It's like their evening show.

That's just a really, really obvious, stupid mistake. Why did they have to make that joke? It's not that good. Considering it got something so completely wrong, I think Douglas Adams fans would just grit their teeth.

(umm) And that's the kind of thing they do in this movie. And I think that makes it kind of painful. (umm) The only up side is the special effects are fantastic. The previous adaptation of Hitchhiker was done by the BBC on a shoestring budget. It looks awful. It's great, but it looks terrible. This movie is terrible, and looks great.

So, you know, whatever you want to sacrifice, I guess, but, (uhh) no, this movie doesn't capture the spirit of the story at all. So I don't recommend it, Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.