Tonight I want to review the movie Ratatouille (umm) I saw this the other evening (umm) on December twelfth

and (umm)

Yes it is out on video already but there's nothing like going to the movie theater to see a movie we haven't seen Ratatouille so I took my four year old son

and (umm) I really like Disney movies, I am a big fan of Pixar so this was right at my alley.

I wasn't too sure about what I would think of the rats

although they looked pretty cute on all the different toys and (umm) advertisements I saw.

So (umm) we decided to go check it out. And I did actually enjoy it very much.

(umm) It

says it's rated G on this movie ticket stuff.

I am not one-hundred percent positive about that though, there were a couple of things in there that I think could have given it a PG rating.

(umm) At the beginning of the film it starts out and (umm)

the rats are actually pretty ugly, I didn't think they would be that ugly,

I thought they would be a little more cartoony and cute looking. But (umm) there were definitely some different parts that were pretty ugly.

Now Remy, the main rat, he was actually pretty cute most of the time and

(umm) I just, I think when all the rats were together, like hundreds and hundreds of them, they were kinda gross and grossing me out.

But towards the beginning of the film, there was a section where (umm)

there was some guns and a lady was shooting at the rats,

I didn't find that one too offensive (umm) I do think that could have been left out and she could have been shoo (stutter), you know, shooing them with a newspaper or something. 

But (umm)

you know, it wasn't horrible, but there was another scene

where (umm) he was in Paris I believe,

and there were showing like different windows

and there was like two people, this one person pulled out a gun and like, then you heard a gunshot, I really didn't care for that and I am not sure why that was even in the film.

There's also another part of the film that (umm)

where like Remy's father takes Remy to show him what humans are like and he takes him by a store front

and the storefront sells rat poison and there are all kinds of dead rats hanging on the window and I found that incredibly gross.

But, overall, those were just the bad parts that I didn't like, there were also as I said though of the word that I didn't care for, (umm)

I didn't think it needed to be in a kids movie whatsoever.

But (umm) anyways

(uhh) Ratatouille is about

a little rat who wants to become a chef
 
(umm) Of course rats can't become chefs and then there's also this other guy and.

So if you watch the movie you will see what happens. (umm) It's really cute and I definitely recommend it. It's a Disney Pixar (uhh)

production and (uhh)

something that (uhh) my whole family really enjoyed including my four year old. Once again (umm) this is a movie review of Ratatouille by Disney Pixar.