Hi.

My name is Anuj and today I'm reviewing the DVD of the movie The Legend of Drunken Master.

Now this is one of my favorite movies of Jackie Chan, in fact let me try to play a scene.

And I think, yeah. This scene is, like, the best scene,

favorite scene that I like of this movie that,

he actually shows the drunken boxing. So what is done,

his step mom is passing him the bottles,

you know, of liquor, and he's kind of just drinking, getting drunk, and then he's going to show his drunken boxing.

So it's kind of funny and he, he (stutter) shows all his skills

like he does in all of the movie, but this one is, like, you know,

he has his facial expressions that he's drunk and (uhh) you know, kind of moves around a lot

(uhh) while in between dancing if you can kind of see there, so

that's really cute.

And also, this movie has a lot of action scenes, you know, starting from, you know, there's a train

then in the fisher,

fish market, this one, and then there are a bunch of more that come later on in the movie, too.

And it's funny because (stutter) I think this is the only movie I saw which Jackie Chan actually gets a lot of beating house.

So, it's it's (stutter)

a bunch of fun. In fact, my favorite (uhh)

Jackie Chan movie.

And I'll rate this movie five out of five, I've seen it so many times and

that's the reason I got the DVD also.

(uhh) It has some special features, such as

Behind the Master, which is an interview with Jackie Chan

and (uhh) you know, the bloopers in the end

always, you know, in Jackie Chan movies, there are bloopers and those bloopers are so funny, especially this one in which

he falls into the fire kind of thing, and the fire won't go away and they're just

(uhh) spraying the whole thing on him again and again; it's just so funny.

(uhh)

Just kind of look around, look at the scene, you'll get an idea of how this movie's a little different, you know, the the (stutter) way he acts, drunk, and 

drunken boxing, and,

very nice movie. Just go enjoy it.