Hi. I'm Liz, and I'm here to talk to you about

Moonraker.

This is a ridiculous movie. (umm)

It is the eleventh James Bond film,

fourth to star Roger Moore as James Bond.

It is available by itself,

or

as part of the Ultimate Edition Volume Four

in the James Bond Collections, this nice silver one.

It also contains Octopussy, Tomorrow Never Dies,

You Only Live Twice, and Doctor No.

This movie, as I say, is completely ridiculous. It's very loosely based on the novel Moonraker by Ian Fleming.

(umm) It was actually chosen

(uhh)

for release at this moment

(uhh) in time

because of the popularity of Star Wars

(stutter) at the time, had been very recent.

They originally were going to do For Your Eyes Only

as the next film, and they put that off

until after,

because they wanted to get this out there.

That was a really bad idea.

(umm)

The character of Holly Goodhead

yes, that's an actual Bondgirl name,

a lot of people think that's a parody or something from Austin Powers

no

Holly Goodhead, that was her name,

is a complete... (umm)

She's of course a NASA scientist, because 

what bond girl wouldn't be?

(uhh)

She is a total invention of the film. There's no such character in the novel, she's completely ridiculous.

Who, who (stutter) on Earth would 

have, have (stutter) that name and act like that, I don't know.

(umm)

Apparently, (uhh) she's she's (stutter) quite dull, 

(uhh) 

the actress who, who (stutter) played the part.

Well, the character's dull.

Presumably, the actress, and

the entire rest of her family are just as dull, because she

claims she's able to convince her grandmother that the name of Goodhead referred to her having a good head

on her shoulders, I don't know.

(umm)

James Bond in Space.

How much more ridiculous can you get?

I saw this movie on TV when I was about ten, but this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen.

Jaws,

from the Spy Who Loved Me,

(uhh) played by Richard Kiel,

is brought back as like a good guy in this for some reason. I guess he was a popular character and they wanted to reuse him,

and he has like a love interest

with Pigtails, and it's so so very,

oh oh it's just upsetting. (umm)

It's bad.

(stutter) I think there are people who get some sort of sick enjoyment out of this movie, but it's not quite in the so-bad-it's-good category,

especially if you are a James Bond fan, it's very painful to watch this at times.

On the other hand,

if you're a really devoted fan,

you need to own this anyway. (umm)

I wouldn't recommend buying it

unless you're a severe masochist, but again, it does come in the

final (umm)

the final set

of, of (stutter) the James Bond (uhh)

the complete DVD collection, so 

you'll probably end up with it anyway if you're a completist like me.

And (umm) you know (ehh) it's alright.

(umm)

You can probably get some enjoyment out of this if you're if you're (stutter) using some very strong hallucinogenic substances

or massive amounts of alcohol.