Hi. I'm Liz and I'm here to talk to you about Kingpin which is from the guys who brought There's Something About Mary and Dumb and Dumber according to the back of the DVD case which should give you some indication about (uhh) what kind of movie this is. (umm) It stars Woody Harrelson, Randy Quaid, and Vanessa Angel, whoever she is. (umm)

I saw the trailer for Kingpin many years ago, it was attached to some (uhh) DVD that I watched pretty often and every time I saw it I thought "man that movie looks so stupid". And then (uhh) I saw that (uhh) my boyfriend owned it and he said "oh you should give it, you should give it a shot. It's (umm)

it's a lot funnier than the trailer cause in the trailer they couldn't use a lot of the, you know, more raunchy humor" and it's like okay, fine, you know. I'll give it a chance. When will I learn to trust my instincts?

I don't know.

Anyway (umm) Kingpin I I (stutter) didn't think was particularly funny. It has a few sort of chuckle moments with kind an aww ending, but other than that

no way. Kingpin's not funny to me at all. And (stutter) granted it is a kind of

There's Something About Mary, American Pie

style of humor that has never appealed to me really (umm)

and it's not that it's vulgar because I don't mind that at all, it's that that is what is supposed to be funny about it. If it was a movie like Superbad (umm) which came out recently, very, very funny and it's incredibly vulgar but that's not the basis of the humor. The basis of the humor is the delivery of the line and how people sort of interact with each other.

And there's just so much

more realism to it and more heart to it and this is just bleh.

I don't know. (umm) Bill Murray is in it, (stutter) that might be why. I've never really liked a movie with Bill Murray in it (umm) that I can recall and (uhh) it's not that I have anything against him, I just have never liked him. And maybe he ruined it for me. (umm)

Anyway (uhh)

to talk really more in detail about this movie Woody Harrelson is a pro bowler who loses his hand, can't bowl anymore, finds a (uhh)

naive Amish guy who can bowl really well and his plan is to win some prize money for a bowling tournament using this (umm)

this Amish fellow. And of course everyone learns a valuable lesson about not using people or whatever, I don't know. I just don't like this movie and (uhh) I'm sick of talking about it so quite frankly if this kind of movie is your style, (umm)

if this is the kind of movie you like and you know if it is then I'm sure you'll love this movie. If you're not a big fan of this type of movie don't even bother. It's not any better than any of the others and (uhh) you'll find it quite dull and unfunny. So that's my personal opinion on

Kingpin.