Hi. I am Chris and this is a review of the DVD, The Last Castle starring Robert Redford and James Gandolfini.

(umm) In this movie, Robert Redford plays a (umm)

military general sent to

(umm) prison for a crime, sort of a technicality of a crime (umm) but he is sent to a military prison and the warden of the prison is

James Gandolfini, best known for his role in the sopranos.

And once there, Robert Redford finds that the prison is hopelessly corrupt and some of the inmates are being murdered and

(uhh) James Gandolfini's character, the warden, (uhh) is running the prison

(uhh) like a despot and (uhh) there's just a whole bunch of bad things

going on inside the prison that shouldn't be happening.

(uhh) Robert Redford decides to do something about it and

takes command and runs the military prison as sort of a military camp.

(umm) This movie starts out okay but quickly devolves,

(umm) it doesn't end up being very good. I am not exactly sure (uhh) what Robert Redford is doing in this movie.

(umm) I feel maybe he lost a bet (umm)

towards the end of this movie, it just becomes (uhh) silly. The ending was a little bit surprising but by then I I (stutter) really didn't care anymore.

(umm) This movie, it doesn't turn out to be as good as it starts out.

It's a fairly (uhh) promising premise at the beginning but the (uhh) execution was just poor 

and it can't make up it's mind if it's (uhh) a prison story or a action movie or (uhh) exactly or military inquest (uhh) type of a conspiracy movie.

It just can't make up it's mind what it is and falls apart in every level and (umm) by the end, you're just not interested anymore.

(uhh) As far as the DVD itself goes, special features (umm) on this includes pretty standard theatrical trailer, production notes, deleted scenes, commentary and (uhh)

a little HBO movie called (uhh) Inside The Castle Walls

about military prisons and things like that.

Really (umm) it's not, it's not worth your time. (umm) Maybe if it's on TV, you might watch it then, but really, I wouldn't bother with The Last Castle on DVD.

Thanks.