Hello everyone.

This movie is Fargo

(uhh) on DVD. It was written and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen,

who also made The Big Lebowski and (uhh) O Brother Art Thou and currently No Country for Old Men, which is in theaters right now.

Those are all really good movies and this is probably their best movie.

(umm) It came out in nineteen ninety-six and (uhh) they won an academy award for the screenplay and Frances McDormand, who stars as a

pregnant police detective,

(uhh) she also won (uhh) best actress for performance in this movie.

(umm)

It's really tense and (uhh) there's (uhh)

sudden burst of violence (uhh) but it also has a really, really good sense of humor that never feels out of place or unusual. It's rooted in (umm)

the characterizations (uhh) and the people going on and how they say things and just their overall perspective on (umm) life and things.

And (umm)

it's a really smart, (uhh) funny, well constructed thriller and there's some moments of just genuine tension where you are like, oh man, oh oh no, you know, tension so (uhh) the DVD doesn't really (umm)

come with anything (umm) interesting, there's a better edition of it out that has a commentary track by the same photographer of the movie (umm) this edition only comes with (umm)

a theatrical trailer

(uhh) but also comes with the (uhh) full frame version and the (uhh) letterbox version of the movie which is playing over my shoulder

right now.

(umm) The scene that's playing over my shoulder right now is (uhh)

the two guys who are (uhh) hired by William H. Macy's character who is really, really good in this movie.

(umm)

He hires these two guys, one of which is played by Steve Buscemi to kidnap his wife so he can (umm)

get some (umm) ransom money (uhh)

off of (uhh) his (umm) father-in-law.

And because he has some financial problem and (uhh) everything just,

just snowballs and just goes straight downhill as fast as you can possibly imagine.

(umm) But it's a really well directed movie and (uhh)

it's very tense and funny and I cannot recommend it highly enough.