Hi, I'm Liz and I'm here to talk about Manos: The Hands of Fate. Quite possibly the worst movie ever made.

I think it's a great candidate for it (umm) because it is generally so bad that it cannot be enjoyed. It is, it is (stutter) like sour milk. No matter which way you swirl it in your mouth it's just, it's just (stutter) awful. (umm)

Manos I think is a better candidate for the title than, say, Plan Nine From Outer Space which you can actually watch

and enjoy.

Manos is nearly unwatchable and I think the only,

the only decent excuse for watching it is either watching the episode of Mystery Science Theater or being Quentin Tarantino (stutter) and enjoying it for some reason. (umm) He's clearly demented.

(umm)

Manos is (umm)

The story about some (uhh)

it doesn't make any sense. (uhh) There there's (stutter) a guy called the master who's played by this (uhh) menacing fellow here, who played a trucker kind of (umm)

who (uhh) owns a house and (umm)

a very strange satyr named (uhh) named (uhh) Torgo takes care of it for him. You can't really tell that Torgo's a satyr because you don't see his hooves so he just looks like a guy with very large knees and walks funny. (umm) Incidentally the guy who played Torgo killed himself a few months after the film was released. (uhh)

Family members and friends believe it was unrelated but I'm not so sure. (umm)

A a (stutter) vacationing family runs across this house, basically (umm) fall under this spell, this strange cult that owns the, I don't know. It doesn't make any sense, it's ridiculous,

it's hilarious and yet a little creepy at the same time. (umm) Which of course is the intent seeing as it is a horror movie, yet (uhh) the creepiness just kind of adds to the badness of it somehow and (uhh) it it (stutter) overall it's a

very unlikable {sigh} movie. Although the lore about it is (umm)

is fantastic. (umm) If you just go online and read about this movie it's it's (stutter) quite interesting and hilarious how it came to be. (umm)

And (uhh) that's really the only good thing about it is the sort of cult following that is has, the movie itself is just awful. And it's even more unbearable to watch this uncut version. You know, watching Mystery Science Theater is bad enough.

(uhh) This version's even worse, it's just this long sequences of nothing and (umm) I don't know what they were thinking when they made this. (uhh) It was made by a fertilizer salesman so take that for what it's worth.

Manos: The Hands of Fate.