Hi, I'm Chris, and this is a review of the DVD for the movie The Bourne Supremacy, starring Matt Damon. (umm) This is the second in the Bourne series of movies. (uhh) It is the followup to The Bourne Identity, and this movie picks up pretty much (uhh) where the other one left off. (umm) After a while Jason Bourne has been living sort of off the grid and under the radar with his girlfriend. And he is finally (uhh) tracked down by the shadowy association (uhh) that has been looking looking (stutter) for him for a long time and (uhh) despite Jason Bourne's vow that he just wishes to be left alone (umm)

he has to come out of hiding because they are after him. And he picks up with his (uhh) superbly trained skills, (uhh) martial arts ability, weapons ability, and as you can see in this scene (uhh) driving ability. (uhh) The car chases in the Bourne series (uhh) first The Bourne Identity and (uhh) also this movie, The Bourne Supremacy, (uhh) really

take the cake and that shines through on this DVD. (uhh) The movie is action packed, it's non-stop from beginning to end. And it follows (uhh) Jason Bourne's quest to sort of retrace his past. (umm) The (uhh) amnesia that he suffered from in the first movie (umm) he begins to get flashbacks in bits and pieces in this one and he tries to (uhh)

follow up on some of the things that he does remember, and that's, that's (stutter) a thread that weaves through the whole plot of this DVD. And there are a lot of (uhh) special features on this as well.

There's (uhh) some of the fight (uhh) training sequences. Shows Matt Damon going through (uhh) some of the moves with a fight trainer for the movie. That's pretty interesting. And they also show you how they have (uhh) a new vehicle that they use to film the (uhh) car chase sequences to make them seem more realistic, and I gotta tell you the car chase sequences are some of the best I've seen. (uhh) Probably right up there with the ones from the movie Bullitt. It's just (uhh) fantastic car chase scenes both in the first movie and in this one. That alone is worth the price of the DVD is just watching the car chases.

And (uhh) there's also a couple other (umm) special features on this. (uhh) Some explosion things, pyrotechnic things they show you. Things like that and some stuff about (uhh) on location. All in all it's definitely worth the price. I would highly recommend this DVD of The Bourne Supremacy. Thanks.