Hi, I'm Chris, and this is a review of the DVD of the movie Constantine

starring Keanu Reeves and Rachel Weiss.

(umm) In this movie Keanu Reeves plays a sort of

(umm)

exorcist kind of a character where he performs exorcisms and he is (uhh) in touch with the demon world. (umm) His character is John Constantine, hence the title, and this is based on a series of (uhh) graphic novels

and he he (stutter) can see demons and he can see (umm) otherworld spirits and he basically fights them. He has (uhh)

some fairly strange weapons that he uses this, that he uses to do this.

(umm) Holy water and a shotgun made out of a crucifix. It's a fairly strange movie. (umm) I know it's based on a graphic novel and those movies can tend to (uhh) run on the strange side. (uhh) This movie's a little stranger than most,

it really was very odd. (umm)

If you're into this kind of stuff I guess it was okay. There's a big sort of (uhh) conspiracy to unleash a bunch of demons from hell and (umm) Keanu Reeves is trying to stop this and (umm)

Rachel Weiss plays a cop who sort of reluctantly agrees to help him, basically reluctantly because she doesn't really believe him and he has an assistant who (uhh) the assistant has some pretty funny parts. He's not bad but (umm),

I don't know. This movie just didn't do it for me. (umm)

I really didn't enjoy it. I I (stutter) slogged my way through it but it it (stutter) really wasn't that interesting.

(umm) I really wouldn't recommend this, I've seen this sort of (uhh) theme done better.

(umm) As far as the DVD goes there are eighteen minutes of additional footage which usually (umm) these scenes are cut out of the movie for a pretty good reason. They really don't add anything to the movie. There's an alternate ending which isn't any better or any worse than the original ending, then there's you know theatrical content, (uhh) theatrical trailer and different languages and stuff like that. (umm)

Maybe rent this but I definitely wouldn't buy it.

So that's the DVD of the movie Constantine starring Keanu Reeves. Thanks.