Hi I'm Liz and I'm here to talk to you about Quills which is a movie about the Marquis De Sade and if you don't know, the Marquis De Sade is the reason why we now have the word sadist. (uhh) You can imagine the kind of fellow he was. He was extremely perverse and (uhh) was eventually thrown into prison for not only his writings which were highly (uhh)

sort of provocative or erotic nature, but also for practicing some of these things on people and hurting him and possibly killing some people in the process although that was was never, (uhh) it was never proven. (uhh) Through the influence of his his (stutter) wife because he was the Marquis, he got put in an insane asylum instead of a prison where he was treated (uhh) much better.

(uhh) Of course back then you wouldn't necessarily guarantee that an insane asylum was better than a prison but this particular one happened to be run by an abbot (uhh) or abbe is his name is is (stutter) France. Abbe Du Coulais played by Joaquin Phoenix in this film. Who's very compassionate and having special therapies and he allows the Marquis to write as long as he doesn't publish anything he writes, sort of purge the demons within as it were. And this is all the story, it's it's (stutter) a fictionalized account but it is all based on things that really happened to Marquis De Sade while he was in (uhh) Chartenal, the (uhh) the asylum.

Kate Winslet is this (uhh) laundress who was a real life (uhh) character. (uhh) Although she was slightly different in real life, but she's very closely based on this character. And (uhh)

The Marquis' death (uhh) is depicted in this film is not true to life and that's, that's a part where it really (stutter) definitely veers off into fictionalized account.

But (uhh) I I (stutter) forgive it for being a little inaccurate because merely because the fact that (uhh) he would have wanted that way and I think it's a fitting tribute to this guy who no matter what you think of his morals, definitely had a huge influence on society. (uhh) It's a fitting tribute that he should have a version of his own story that would be like something he would write if he could go back and write about his life this is what he would come up with. And (uhh)

I think that's appropriate. It's a very, very good film as well, acted well, written, (uhh) the story's very well told and it's very compelling and (uhh) again a fitting tribute for the Marquis De Sade who is a very important (uhh) historical and cultural figure. (uhh) And I think (uhh) everybody should see this movie unless of course they're (uhh) under the age of seventeen in which case

no way, it's a very sexual very violent (uhh)

and (uhh) I don't (stutter) it's certainly not for kids probably older teenagers might be able to handle it but it's quite disturbing violent in a lot of places. (uhh)

Outstanding very good very effective film. Quills.