Hello, I'd like to tell you about Untraceable. It's a movie I've seen recently starring Diane Lane, Billy Burke, and (uhh) Colin Hanks. Colin Hanks is (uhh)

the son of Tom Hanks, and he's been in quite a few movies but until recently he has (uhh) had very small roles. (uhh)

He is a very good actor and I was glad to see him in this movie. As far as the movie, it's about (uhh) the FBI, the the (stutter) special unit that investigates murder plots or any types of crime on the internet.  Welcome to the agents of cyberspace, where (uhh) Diane Lane who is a special investigator for the FBI. (uhh)

Actually, (umm) (uhh) she plays as Jennifer Marsh and her coworker is Colin Hanks. They come across a very (uhh)

terrible website where a predator actually kills his victims and it's up to the (uhh)

audience, or the people that work with him on the internet because the more hits he gets (uhh)

by people watching the crimes, the faster the people die. It's a very gory plot, he shows (stutter) (umm) some terrible scenes, some graphic, terrible, awful scenes. They're not entertaining, they're gross, they're not really meant to be seen. (uhh) It's sickening, it's a sicko movie. It's, there's nothing about it that's good. (uhh)

It's, the movie, first of all the plot is not plausible. Second of all (umm)

(uhh) Jennifer Marsh, or Diane Lane, comes across a website of I believe it was called (uhh) kill with me dot com and it actually shows a starving cat. The cat has actually been starved to death. It shows another scene where a person is bound and it has the the (stutter) person's name branded on the person's chest, and it just gets worse and worse and worse. This movie actually is pitiful. (umm)

It's not scary, it's sick, and you're going to have nightmares if you watch it. Some people gave it a two, a few people were generous with a one,

some people even

dared put down one and a half, I'm not even gonna give it a twinkle. This movie should be in a black hole, that's it.