Hi, I'm Liz and I'm here to talk to you about Road to Perdition. A little glare there. Road to Perdition. (umm) This movie, (uhh) this is yet another movie that I'm reviewing tonight that (uhh) I did not like, even though a lot of other people did like it. I feel very alone right now. (umm) Road to Perdition in my opinion is (uhh) just overblown (uhh) pretentious, dark, plodding, depressing, no point to it, bleh. I hated everything about this movie.

I realize I'm very alone in that. I thought Tom Hanks was completely miscast. I (stutter) didn't believe him at all as this, as this (stutter) character. He doesn't even look right for the (stutter) look at his face, this doesn't work. (umm) But most of all I didn't like the kid.

The kid who plays his son, I don't know who he is, but I haven't seen him in anything since and I'm really glad because he had a unibrow and he can't act. (umm) Very unappealing.

Jude Law plays actually a pretty good villain in this but this is yet another movie that I just feel like I did not, I wasn't feeling it. I didn't connect with it, I didn't, I didn't, (stutter)

to be fair I'm stupid and I didn't even get it was about, it was about (stutter) the mafia until I looked it up, but (umm) I think the fact that that's not actually every explicitly stated in the movie

may or may not be a bad thing, and I don't really. I mean,

I understand why they hint at things and keep things vague but oftentimes something that seems obvious to certain people isn't obvious to others, and I think that was just one of those cases where it's just kind of (umm)

I don't. I'm distracted because (stutter) I'm concerned. I keep getting stuff rejected for the videos being too dark and I'm afraid that this is not going to show up, so (uhh) let me let me (stutter) skip ahead a little bit here.

That's too dark.

Ah that's nice and bright, can everyone see that? Okay,

back to my review. (umm) I don't really have a lot to say about this movie, it was, oh dark again, fantastic. That was really worth the trouble. (umm)

Yes Jude Law is the highlight, tends to be a very creepy villain. (umm)

Paul Newman is pretty good, but I think Tom Hanks was woefully miscast and the kid can't act and I think the story was silly. (uhh) Silly is real enough a doll I'm looking for and I don't even know why that popped out. The story is no good and I was not at all into this movie. (umm)

Again that's just me, it's based on a graphic novel, it may or may not be any good, I don't know. I have no desire (umm) really to check it out. But (umm)

I don't know. Road to Perdition.

You might like it, but but (stutter) I didn't.