Hi.

I'm Liz and I'm here to talk to you about The Rules of Attraction. This is a movie that was based upon a novel by Bret Easton Ellis who of course wrote American Psycho.

(umm) and also this.

(uhh)

Wow. I hated this movie. And I like American Psycho a lot. I think it's, I think it's (stutter) very good and (umm)

There. I could not hate this movie any more. Well, I could probably hate it more. But (umm) I don't want to think about how I could hate it anymore.

(uhh) because my head will explode. (umm)

Apparently, Time Magazine asked, What more could you want in a movie. Well, I'd like a movie that isn't completely (uhh) disturbing, disjointed, uninteresting, doesn't engage me with the characters, (umm)

doesn't really have much of a plot, and just kind of meanders around. This supposed, you know, world of, of, of (stutter) college, that isn't really like any actual

college environment anywhere and I hate that I hate that (stutter) stories that we're supposed to accept as like a dead on satire of how we live, when they're completely off base. I don't like that. And (umm) I don't know if it's how these how these (stutter) writers, Bret Easton Ellis, if that how he perceived,

perceived, I don't know,  I assume he went to college. I don't know if that's how he perceived it or if that's how he believes it is now. (umm)

I don't know how much of course it was all through the movie, because I couldn't get through it. I love American Psycho, and I'm certainly not going to try Rules of Attraction. (umm)

I don't really know what it was that disturbed me so much about this movie. It just annoyed me. Part of it was (umm) the lead, James Van Der Beek,

(umm) who plays Patrick Bateman's (uhh) brother. (uhh) It's just awful. He's (uhh) not charismatic at all. The total opposite of, of (stutter) Christian Bale. He's completely uncharismatic. He's so bland and uninteresting. Not a good actor.

Kind of (umm) upsetting, not interesting at all. (umm) And maybe maybe (stutter) I suppose it's possible, that the whole point of (umm) this movie is just to unsettle you and make you not like it. (uhh) Maybe maybe (stutter) I'm just missing that, but I felt like the behavior of these characters was completely out of touch with reality and that

I don't find that interesting or attractive in a movie. So (umm)

(uhh) you may like Rules of Attraction.

(umm)

But I can't quite conceive of liking it. I'm sitting here holding the DVD. Apparently my boyfriend liked it enough to buy it. I'm going to have to have a talk with him about that. (umm)

This, this (stutter) just really

(uhh) I just,

I beg you don't go into it like I did, thinking Oh I loved American Psycho, I'm gonna love this. It's a totally different creature and you might not like it at all.

The Rules of Attraction