Hi Expo this is Melissa and you can check out my profile and my reviews at PM three two one. Today we're talking about my all time, all time favorite movie. (umm) White Christmas, and we have Danny Kaye, (umm) Bing Crosby, Rosemary Clooney, and Vera Allen. (umm) The music is by Irving Berlin. (umm) This is just the classic Christmas story, I watched this every day for entire, every day for the whole summer when I was ten and that's how much I like this movie I could watch it nonstop. (umm) Basically you have (umm) Danny Kaye and Bing Crosby who were in the war together, and Danny Kaye (umm)

saves (umm) Bing Crosby's life and he always uses that to his advantage, Danny Kaye does. And they end up

making their own company, a song and dance company, and it basically is about how they go to Vermont for (umm) Christmas and

they meet up with (umm)

before they get to Vermont I should say because I'm kind of backtracking here. They meet up with the sisters Rosemary (stutter) Clooney and Vera Vera (stutter) Allen. And (umm) they end up falling in love with the sisters and it's about how they go to Vermont and help make a general's Christmas better. It's just the the (stutter) classic Christmas movie and if you haven't seen it, you have to check it out it's just, it's just (stutter) amazing. And you can (umm) check it out I think at any season because I love it so much. (umm) We do have some good special features on the (umm) disc set disc set (stutter) the dvds that I got. (umm) We have an interview with Rosemary Clooney, commentary by Rosemary Clooney, two theatrical trailers and (umm) the widescreen version which is enhanced. This was made in nineteen fifty four, you have (umm) Irving Berlin's music is fabulous, there's so many great songs. (umm) Ones that (umm) you can definitely memorize and just sing all the time, I know I sound like a dork but I love it that much. (umm) You can pick this up (umm) for about ten to fifteen dollars (umm) at your big box store, this is a definite buy. Thanks.