Expo, 

I'm gonna get really insane about this one.

I'm gonna do a review here on Meet the Spartans. Somebody kill me now, who keeps making these movies? Seriously. Who keeps making these movies. They're terrible. Don't go see it. If somebody comes up to you and is like, hey, you wanna go see the movie for free? I'll pay you to go see the movie. Don't go see it, it's not worth it. It's not worth it, you'll question life. You'll seriously question living. Seriously it's terrible, it is terrible. Okay it's another one of these movies that parodies movies and it's just stupid. You think they would have learned this after all the scary movies, what they made like four already? They made four Scary Movies and made this epic, epic (stutter) movie, they made this date movie. And this is supposedly one of the sequels to like epic movie I think. But they had to be, call it, they had to call it Meet the Spartans because every movie did so bad. Just, just stop making the movies. Just stop making them. Okay come up with something more original than copying other people or trying to make fun of them. It's just stupid. So, it just made me so mad just even talking about this. Giving this review just makes me so mad about this movie, so.

I mean here is some movies they did: Three Hundred, Chainsaw Massacre, Spider-Man Three, they parodied Britney Spears. You know, they just did all this stupid stuff. What can I say I mean that's really about it. I mean seriously just drop these parodying of movies, just a whole bunch of recent movies they parodied and (uhh) you know, who was in it. (stutter) It wasn't Pamela Anderson it was, I don't know what her name even was. (uhh) Carmen Elektra, (stutter) that's who's in it. Just made me so mad, seriously, just stop making these movies, that's all I gotta just to say. I give it like, zero out of five if I could. Like I give it negative. Okay, I give it negative it's terrible, it's all I gotta say. Don't waste your life. Don't see it on DVD when it comes out. Don't, if your kids like, if if (stutter) you're a parent and your kid's like hey, oh well I'm gonna go out with (uhh) my friends we're about to go see (uhh) they're like ten years old it doesn't even matter, but like I'm about to go see it just be like no, you're grounded. Like you are grounded, you go to your room for the rest of the night. Just because they were even thinking about going to see it. Just be like, go to your room, seriously.

That's all I gotta say.