Expo

I'm gonna talk about the movie Fred Claus. (umm) It's still in theaters, I don't know if it is or not and (umm) it stars Vince Vaughn and Paul Giamatti.

Vince Vaughn you really disappointed me with this one. He usually, Vince Vaughn's a hilarious guy. In Fact, that's why I went to see the movie, cause Vince Vaughn's in it. And that's why I guarantee a lot of people went to see the movie cause they thought Vince Vaughn was in it, it's probably funny. It's probably a hilarious movie. But it's really not that funny. It's really kind of a stupid movie. I mean, it's not the worst movie I've ever seen but it is it is (stutter) not that great of a movie at all. (uhh) I wouldn't recommend seeing it  (uhh) in theaters. I wouldn't recommend paying full price. If you wanted to wait until it came out on DVD I I (stutter) would I suggest doing that. But if you didn't see it at all in general,

no, no (stutter) harm no foul. I mean seriously, it's not that great of a movie. So basic plot, (umm) Vince Vaughn is, his name's Fred, and he is the older brother of Santa Claus and they have the whole family thing you know cause he's brothers and they got parents and then this whole

dramatic structure of how their in a relationship with family and how Fred's supposed to be more like (stutter) Santa Claus, which is his brother. But his his name's Nick, obviously you know Saint Nicholas, his name's Nick. So

It's this whole family kind of comedy thing about how they how they don't get along and then (stutter) the main plots really about how

you know Fred (stutters) he should be more like his brother and how but Fred kinda keeps messing up with his brother and like he marks everybody on the on the (stutter), he believes everybody shouldn't get a president present (stutter) on Christmas and

I mean, it's just it's just crazy stupid. It's just stupid, okay. It's really not that funny. I don't even know what I was saying when it was a decent movie. It's really stupid. In fact just thinking about it just makes me mad because I went to go see it and Vince Vaughn really disappointed me and I hope his next movie's not like that cause if his next movie's like that, I'm gonna be disappointed and his Wild Wild West show just came out recently and I'm not gonna go see it because of that. You disappointed me and I don't know, you know. So, I don't know, Vince Vaughn you disappointed me. But the movie's not that great, okay. It's terrible. It's terrible, that's it, it's terrible.