Hello everyone. Playing over my shoulder here, is this, it is Twenty-Eight Weeks Later. This is not to be confused with Twenty-Eight Days Later, this is the sequel to Twenty-Eight Days later, once again entitled Twenty-Eight Weeks Later. (uhh) It stars (uhh) Robert Carlyle here, who you may remember as Begbie from Trainspotting. He plays (umm) the father of two kids and (umm)

his wife (uhh) is (uhh), him and his wife and a bunch of people are (uhh), are (uhh) barricaded inside of a house and they are trying to (umm)

survive a zombie infestation and (uhh) he makes a (uhh) critical decision in regards to the well-being of his wife. I won't say what happens to her, I do not wish to spoil the movie. And (umm) yeah, this movie (uhh)

it it (stutter) was really just okay. It started off really well (umm)

in terms of (uhh) what they did with his character, I wasn't expecting him to do what he did in the beginning of the movie. (umm)

But (uhh) yeah, it was it was (stutter) (uhh) it was (umm) just an okay movie, it wasn't as interesting the first movie, as certain sequals often are. (uhh) It just kind of (uhh) ran out of ideas about halfway through and just kind of (uhh) became, you know,  just a run of the mill action movie after that, a (uhh) run of the mill zombie infestation movie. (umm) There are some really good visuals in it, there's a pretty decent cast they could have done (umm) something a lot better than (uhh) what they did with it I thought. (umm) But (uhh) yeah the first half of it is really good, so at least it's got that going for it. (umm) There's a commentary track on the DVD (uhh) with the director if you're interested in listening to it. I I (stutter) was not, I have not listened to it. (umm)

And there's various other (uhh) making of accouterments, theatrical trailer, (umm)

you know, standard special edition DVD (umm). There are are some good ideas in it, but all in all it was just kind a blah sequel. (umm) So (uhh) yeah, if you really like zombie movies maybe give this one a once around, but I would not suggest buying it.