Hi. Today I'm reviewing a movie called Fourteen-oh-eight (umm)

and this movie's pretty sweet. (umm)

I can't go any farther without telling you it's a five out of five stars. It's really sweet. (umm)

It's a good movie, it's really weird and twisted but it's a great movie. (umm) And you gotta watch the movie to see that cause a lot of it comes toward the end of the movie. But (umm)

yeah basically it's about this this (stutter) guy that he's really into like, you know, got the ghost sightings and stuff so he'll go, he'll stay places where they say they've seen them and just to check if anything's really going on, stuff like that. And he doesn't believe in em cause nothing ever happens to him. He writes books and stuff about it, he's a writer. But (umm)

yeah, basically (umm) he hears about this place and he's kind of famous, not really famous, but so so. (umm) People know who he is but his books are always in like bargain bins and stuff like that. But (umm) yeah it's really good, (umm) and

(umm) oh yeah. So he (umm)

hears about this (uhh) hotel in New York that like anyone that stays there, like they closed it down because people always die when they they're (stutter) in it even for like a few minutes, so (umm) cause it just makes them insane and stuff like that. But (uhh) 

yeah it's a great movie. I don't want to give away too much but definitely check out Fourteen-oh-eight. (umm) He ends up going and he stays (umm) in it, but I'm not saying how long or any of that. Just gotta watch it, but it's (uhh) Fourteen-oh-eight and I'll show you the little clip. This is more at the beginning, and there's some language and haunting sights so not recommended for kids.

{movie}

And this is the, (stutter) he has kind of like a meet the author kind of thing going on,

and he's just showing up a little bit early, whatnot, getting the deal going.

{movie}

As you can tell not a whole lot of people know who he is right there.

{movie} 

Okay, well,

yeah seriously you got to check this movie out, five out of five stars. Gonna show you the DVD just so you know that I have it.

Fourteen-oh-eight. Fourteen-oh-eight. Some big names in it as well. (umm) But yeah.

Thank you.