Hello everyone, this movie that's playing right here is this, this is the Criterion Collection edition of The Silence of the Lambs. This is a really good movie, it's one of my favorite movies. It was directed by (uhh) Jonathan Demme and (uhh) written by Ted Tally, adapted from the Thomas Harris novel of the same name. (uhh) It stars Jodie Foster as a (umm)

FBI (uhh) trainee field agent who (umm) enlists the help of (uhh) (uhh) Anthony Hopkins' character who is a (uhh) cannibal, an imprisoned cannibal named (uhh) Doctor Hannibal Lecter. And (uhh) he (uhh) kind of takes a shining to her and (uhh) gives her little clues. (uhh) To investigate (stutter) a series of serial killings (uhh) happening in the United States. And (umm) he does this (uhh) in order to (uhh) exchange information with her about her personal life (uhh)

in order to (uhh)

I don't know, figure her out. Because (uhh) he likes doing that, he likes (uhh) messing with people. And (umm) yeah, this (uhh) movie (uhh) took home a lot of academy awards, it took home (uhh) best picture of nineteen ninety one, and best director Jonathan Demme, and (uhh) Jodie Foster best actress Jodie Foster and best supporting actor Anthony Hopkins. Anthony Hopkins is, is (stutter) really awesome in this movie.

He (uhh) gives a great performance. (uhh) On this dvd (uhh) is a commentary track, a very good commentary track by Jonathan Demme (uhh), Jodie Foster, Anthony Hopkins, Ted Tally the screenwriter, and FBI agent John Douglas. There's seven deleted scenes, there's some storyboards, a film to storyboard comparison, (uhh) an FBI (stutter) client, crime classification manual and (uhh) voices of death, word for word statements of convicted serial killers, which is pretty gross. (uhh) I didn't really enjoy reading that, who wants to hear what those freaks had to say. There's optimal image quality, (uhh) RSV dual layer edition. Unfortunately this edition is non-anamorphic, so if you have a widescreen television you're not going to get optimal picture quality despite what this thing says. Anyway, this is definitely a very good edition of this movie to have. I haven't checked out the other ones so I don't know if any of them are better than this one. But I own this one and I can (uhh) attest to the fact that this is a good movie. Not only is a good movie, it's a good edition of the movie and I highly recommend it.