Hey how you doing? My name is Roger. I'm gonna tell you about a movie I saw this weekend. (umm) I actually saw it in the in the (stutter) the discounted movie theater and it was called Mad Money and (umm) this movie starred Queen Latifah, Katie Holmes, Holmes Cruise whatever you wanna call her, and also Diane Keaton. (umm) This was a okay movie. I mean (stutter) thankfully I was (stutter) I felt good about going and paying the discount price for it. I didn't think it was really that great. It wasn't a blockbuster hit. It was just kind of entertaining. (umm) Basically it was about these three women (uhh) well it started off with Diane Keaton who was in the upper middle class (umm) person who, her and her husband come across some really hard times and (uhh) they so she goes and gets a job. Well she starts working at the federal reserve (umm) bank where they where they (umm) destroy all the money and in her mind, she's thinking look at all this money that's being destroyed. It's taken out of circulation. (umm) You know, how can she you know, xxx kinda devious and (umm) so she gets with, hooks up with Queen Latifah and Katie Holmes who already work there

and work out a way to steal this money. So it's it's (stutter) kind of (stutter) comical. Katie Holmes plays, I don't can't remember too many things I've really seen her in. (umm) But (umm), she plays a real kind of ditzy type girl, you know, fun loving, young. I mean, so she comes across pretty good. Queen Latifah you know, comes across as the the (stutter) strong black woman and (umm) you know with a family that she wants to take care of. Very good portrayal of that and Diane Keaton (umm) you know the thing about Diane Keaton is

everytime she's in a movie she always plays the same type of role. She is an older white woman that's married that's kind of middle class upper middle class. (umm) She she (stutter) always looks the same, she always acts the same, she even almost always dresses the same. So you know that kind of was a kind of a bummer cause there's like same thing where every movie she's in she kinda looks the same. But the movie was okay. I mean I wouldn't run out and go buy it, but if you're looking for something it's it's it's (stutter) good for all ages. I mean it's fine I mean not real young children but you know, it's an okay family movie. But it does deal with stealing and consequences of stealing and I'm not gonna tell you how it ended and all of that but you know it's it's (stutter) an okay movie. (umm) Like I said I wouldn't run down there and hit it at the video store but if there's nothing else that you can see that you want, then maybe pick that one up. But it's called Mad Money. Alright thanks.