Hey y'all. It's the king of movies here and today I'm going to (stutter) review Step Up Two the Streets which is a new movie in theaters. (uhh) It's a teen,

teen kind of drama about

(stutter) {burp} excuse me, dancing.

(uhh) If you're interested at all in dancing (uhh) like (stutter) street, excuse me, street style dancing (uhh) like (uhh) (stutter) You Got Served and that kind of dancing you might enjoy this film. (umm)

I thought it was pretty formulaic and (uhh)

just like typical teen melodrama stuff that we've been seeing (uhh) for the last several years. (uhh) Just like regurgitated stuff. However I must admit that the choreographed dance scenes are (uhh) quite a sight to see and they're really top notch. If you're a fan of dancing in that sense, just like to watch people dance, see impressive dance moves then you might want to check out this movie solely for that. The actual plot, however, is formulaic and not really worth seeing. It's kind of one of those movies where (uhh) it's stretched out to ninety minutes just to be a full length movie but it would have been perfectly fine just showing the the (stutter) choreographed (uhh) dance scenes, like a ten minute short or like something on TV, or even just like put someone put up a clip on youtube of just people dancing. It's it's (stutter) that kind of movie where they just stretch it out with an unnecessary plot that's formulaic and (stutter) try to turn it into a movie and it it (stutter) ultimately fails in in (stutter) the sense of a movie. Wouldn't recommend seeing it in theaters (umm)

just because the plot and stuff like that is all just regurgitated and (stutter) formulaic. Instead (uhh)

watch the dance scenes. Hopefully one day, when the DVD comes out or something, you'll be able to just easily watch it on youtube or (uhh) rent it even, just to see the dance scenes because the rest of the movie is just there kind of to fill up space and make it ninety minute, minute (stutter) (uhh) feature length.

(uhh) So if you're, so that's (uhh) Step Up Two the Streets. (uhh) If you're interested in dancing you might maybe check it out. If you have, if you hate dancing there's no point in even checking this out really cause the plot sucks and (uhh)

the dancing is only there for people that enjoy dancing. And that's my review of Step Up Two the Streets.