Hi I'm Tom and today I'm gonna be reviewing the movie Superhero Movie. Before I begin this is what I need to do.

{slaps palm on forehead}

Ok, I'll explain why in a minute, but as always

I hold on to it, here's the movie ticket. I'm ashamed I have this. Alright, I don't know why I went to see this. I really shouldn't have. I should've learned my lesson from four Scary Movies, Epic Movie,

Date Movie. I should've learned my lesson. No, I like slapstick though. So I figured, okay this could be good, it's got Leslie Nielson in it again and he always amuses me every single time.

And yes he was funny in this one. Airplane's amazing, (umm) yeah that's why I just like him so much. Okay this kind of has Drake Bell in his first starring role, the Nickelodeon icon or whatever. Hannah Montana, Nickelodeon, okay maybe not. (umm) He (uhh) gets into a freak accident and turns into the new clumsy superhero know as Dragonfly.

Okay, that's about it for the plot. Yes, it is in depth as a paper bag. (umm) Look I got an apple. (umm) Okay the slapstick in it is funny. As always, it's not worth spending as much as I did to go see this. I just had a few friends who wanted to see this, I'm like alright fine, I'll go. If you get into that situation, don't do it. Learn from my mistake. As (stutter) as I had to slap myself over the head, I should have learned from

the first eight mistakes. somewhere in there.

(umm)

It's, as I said it's slapstick funny. Makes fun of all

superhero movies, at least for the most part. (umm) What more can you really say about a really dumb movie. (umm) Stick with Airplane, Leslie Nielson, you did that one great. You're funnier than the rest of em.

Please don't tag on to horrible movies cause then I'll go see them. I wasted so much on this. Don't go see this. (umm) Wait for it to become a budget renter. Not even a budget theater. Not even a regular rental, wait for the rental to be there so long it's now cheaper. Go for those. Just wait for that long if you actually want to see this movie. That's my advice. (uhh) One out of five. Thank you.