Hey, ExpoTV. This is Aub eighty four. Today I'm going to talk about the movie College Road Trip, starring Martin Lawrence and Raven Symone. (umm) Before I go into character detail, I'll give you a little heads up about what the movie is about. Martin Lawrence plays a police officer who decides to go on a road trip with his daughter, playing by Raven Symone, to check out colleges. And he's very worried about the kind of trouble that she's going to get into when she's away at college (umm) you know, drugs, sex, parties, things like that. So basically the movie revolves around how he tries to keep her away from these kinds of things while they're on the road trip, and he definitely is trying to pick out a college that is clean and well-run and not going to lead her astray.

(umm) Many of you will recognize Raven Symone. She was a child actor on a lot of TV shows. (uhh) She has a couple of movies out. And I was actually surprised to see how much she's grown up. (umm) Obviously, she's of college age for this movie, and I think she does a much better job of acting now than she did when she was a kid, (uhh) maybe understandable, a little more training, a little more experience could do a lot. (uhh) Martin Lawrence is in his typical role, kind of a wise-cracking humor (umm) lots of situational gags, some physical comedy. (umm) I would say that if you've seen a Martin Lawrence comedy, you've seen this movie. It's very similar. (uhh) One of the best parts of the movie is a scene where (umm) Martin Lawrence's character finds these coffee beans and he thinks they're drugs. And so he feeds them to this pig and the pig goes crazy on caffeine. So that was kind of a situational, physical, ha, ha, ha bit. And that was one of the funnier scenes of the movie, unfortunately. I guess there's just not much that hasn't been done for kind of the college road trip type deal. For instance, there's a movie called Road Trip, a movie called Eurotrip. And while those were all teenagers and, and (stutter) more a little about drugs and getting drunk and sex, it's still the kind of same humor, where people drive around and they say funny things and there's a parent you try to avoid because they will get you in trouble. And that just felt like the same thing for this movie. Definitely not one of my favorites. There wasn't anything new in terms of comedy. No real humor that really got me rolling or anything like that.

No special effects. Soundtrack is debatable. (umm) There was one good song, many okay songs, and a couple songs I just wondered why they were even on the soundtrack, what a waste of my life. (umm) I'm only going to give this movie a two out of five stars for all of those reasons. If you do have to see it, I would say rent it. Don't rush out to see it in the theaters. Not worth your money.