Hey, ExpoTV. This is Aubs eighty four. Today, I'm going to talk about the movie, Nim's Island. And this stars Jodie Foster and Gerard Butler. (umm) Many of you will recognize Gerard Butler from movies such as three hundred, where he played the main character in that film. He plays a little more of a bit part in this film, so if you're going to go rush out to see the movie for Gerard Butler, you're going to be disappointed. He plays the role of a a (stutter) father. Nim is the main character of the movie. She is a little girl who lives on this island with her father, Gerard Butler.

(umm) They're kind of secluded from everybody. (umm) The father is a scientist who does a lot of research and needs a lot of time for his experiments, so he doesn't have a lot of time for his daughter, Nim. And to counter this, Nim has a lot of fanciful creatures that she's created. She has a very active imagination in this one.

She loves to read books. That's her favorite hobby. And her favorite author is played by Jodie Foster. And what happens is, Nim's father goes out to sea to do a experiment. A storm comes out. He gets lost out at sea. Nim writes her favorite author for some help, saying that her father's lost, what does she do, how does she get through life, I mean, what's her next step And Jodie Foster's character comes out to the island to hang out with Nim and try to help her cope and do things like that.

Now, this is not a very realistic story at all. (umm) First of all, who lives on a deserted island, a deserted volcanic island, with (uhh) just a father and a daughter? Nobody does that. And especially when the father sails away to do science experiments and leaves Nim all by herself. I mean, she can't be more than, I don't know, twelve or thirteen. And for her to be alone on this island is ridiculous without a father or a babysitter, anything.

So that's the first (uhh) ridiculous part of the movie.

The next ridiculous part is that a letter written by a little girl to a famous author would actually solicit a visit. I mean, maybe the author would write back and say, you know, thanks for the letter, blah, blah, blah. But, no, the author actually comes out to the island to be with this little girl. (uhh) That's also ridiculous.

(umm) So it's not very believable. It's very fanciful (umm), lots of crazy stuff going on in the way of imagination. (uhh) It's definitely a little kid's movie. And if you have a daughter or a son who is probably under the age of ten, I think they'd love it because there's some imaginary creatures. There's a little bit of action. It can be a little scary. I would say the storm scene might be a little frightening for some younger kids. (umm) But it's just kind of a fun movie for the younger generation. And definitely if you're an adult, don't go in prepared to believe everything. I guess when I went to the film, I didn't know what to expect. I didn't know that this was supposed to be, you know, a joke and supposed to be all creative and imaginative. So I was expecting a lot, and I was disappointed. I'm only going to give it a one out of five stars because there's not a lot of redeeming quality to it. (umm) One of the best scenes is just kind of a touchy moment (umm) where, you know, a father and daughter have to say goodbye to one another. And, you know, if that's the best scene in the movie, I think that says a lot.

One out of five stars.