Hello, everyone. Playing over my shoulder is this. This is Freejack.

This is a terrible movie. (umm) I first heard of this movie (uhh) when a friend of mine in grade school decided to (uhh) rip off its storyline for a (uhh) short story that he had written (uhh) in grade school. He (uhh) lifted (uhh) large elements of the plot. And (uhh) as he was explaining this in front of the class, I thought to myself, huh, that sounds an awful lot like Freejack. And (uhh) (uhh) this movie storyline and his storyline are as follows: (uhh) Emilio Estevez plays a race car driver who (umm) just as he is about to die in a (uhh) horrible race car driving accident, he, his (stutter) body is snatched into the future, (uhh) thanks to (uhh) a billionaire Anthony Hopkins. And (umm)

the reason Anthony Hopkins' character does that is so he can take his (uhh) mind and implant it into the body of Emilio Estevez's character, thus giving him eternal life or some nonsense. (umm) Also in this movie is Rene Russo, who was in Lethal Weapons three and four, and the Thomas Crown Affair. And (uhh) also in this movie, in addition to her, is (umm) Mick Jagger here, who was in The Rolling Stones and still is in The Rolling Stones. And his performance is terrible in this movie. (umm) He has one facial expression, and it pretty much consists of this. (uhh) Anthony Hopkins is in this movie very, very barely. (umm) I think for like the first half of the movie, at the very least, he's not even in the same room with any of the other main characters. He communicates with Rene Russo's character (uhh) via a (uhh) telecommunications device. And he's (uhh) either in, like, China or (uhh) France or something. And the backdrop is just some mad painting and it looks terrible. And (umm) he really, really, sincerely, honestly phoned in his performance. I honestly think that in, in (stutter) like the final third of the movie, or whatever, in the latter half of the movie, I actually think it's more like the final third or the final quarter, when he actually is in the same room with Emilio Estevez and Rene Russo.

I, I (stutter) honestly think that they just used a body double for him so that he did not have to be in the same room with anyone else. And I think they just shot his coverage separately. It just has that feel to it. (umm) Yeah, this is a, a really stupid movie, and me and my friends used to get together and (umm) watch really awful movies like this and just talk over them and make fun of them. And (uhh) this is by far my favorite one. I think this was the last one that (uhh) that me and my friends in (uhh) Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, watched before I moved to Chicago. And (uhh) I have fond memories of watching this tremendous piece of crap with (uhh) my friends before moving. So (umm) if you are about to move, and you like making fun of crappy movies, I, I (stutter) can't recommend this movie highly enough.