Hello. My name is Mike and today I'll be talking to you about the movie Ironman. As formality, here's my movie ticket.

And there we go. So, what did I think about Ironman?

Me and my buddy went to see it the other day because it was his birthday and that's what he wanted to see. Me coming in, I wasn't really that excited about seeing it. I figured I'd wait until the budget, which was sort of my incoming consensus of the movie. Yeah, that definitely wasn't true. I actually really liked the movie. After having seen it, yes, it was good. The basic premise of the movie, for those of you who don't know Ironman, this was a comic book character from back in the day. You know, it's still running, but, to the best of my knowledge, it's still running, but anyway this came from, actually, quite a ways back.

(uhh) The basic story, comic book and movie here, would be scientist gets captured by enemy forces, in this case it's, you know, foreign terrorists-like people, and they try to force him to make super weapons to help them take over the world, yadda, yadda. But instead (uhh) Tony Stark, aka Ironman from that point on, (uhh) uses the technology that he's given to build a supersuit that he uses not only to escape, but then, later on, to fight evil.

So, you know, it's been changed a little bit to fit the movie. In the movie (umm) he ends up fighting evil again after he's free of the terrorists, to try to sort of save the world from another plot. (umm) It's a little sappy.

But at the same time, it's like, you know, what do you expect? I don't expect something from a movie that's, you know, got the plot quality of a really good book. I mean, you only have two hours to portray things to me. So it's a little sappy and the plots feel a little underdeveloped at times, but, I mean, hey, it's a superhero movie. What did you expect?

The guy, (stutter) Robert Downey, Jr., playing Ironman, excellent. He pulls it off perfectly. You could totally see him as the character.

So, him playing in the supersuit, it's it's (stutter) kind of interesting, because it's got elements where you're like, when you're watching, you're like, man, this is really funny and yet kind of dramatic at the same time, elements that are not often pulled off together. This definitely pulled it off well. And you're laughing while, at the same time, you're like watching them fight, and it's, and when I watched, like, the credits for the movie, you know, on TV before it came out there, they didn't ruin every single line in the movie. There's plenty of good stuff still left without the preview. So, Ironman, for having a good quality mixture of story, plot, funny, as well as a little bit of romance in there too, I'm going to give Ironman a five out of five. And then, to top it off, they even played Ironman at the end of the movie. So, Ironman, five out of five. You should totally go see it. Thank you and good night.