Hello everyone. Playing over my shoulder is this movie. This is Munich which was directed by Steven Spielberg. (uhh) It stars Eric Bana as a (uhh) the the (stutter) leader of a group of (uhh) Israelis who are given the task of killing the eleven Palestinians who (uhh) were responsible for the nineteen-seventy-two (uhh) Munich massacre of (uhh) eleven Israeli athletes. It was based on the (uhh) book Vengeance by George Jonas and (uhh) I really didn't like this movie that much. It (uhh) really didn't (uhh)

involve me at any kind of, you know, serious emotional level. (umm) It's supposed to be about the (uhh) the toll that murder takes on, you know, normal people and (uhh) again, I I (stutter) like I just it didn't really surprise me that these people were experiencing regret that they were killing, you know, people even though those people themselves (uhh) may have deserved it. (umm)

That that (stutter) revelation really didn't blow me away that they were feeling that way and (umm)

and I I (stutter) have a personal rule that if (uhh), you know, you don't really know the names of characters you can't really get that involved with them, and in all honesty the only two people whose names I remember from this movie are Avner who was (uhh) Eric Bana's character and Carl who was played (uhh)

(umm) by (uhh) Ciaran Hinds (uhh) in this movie and (umm) I really didn't (uhh) I I (stutter) like I I (stutter) really didn't have any kind of emotional attachment to any of the characters in this movie. (umm)

I I (stutter) was really unaffected by it. (uhh) Geoffrey Rush is in it and (uhh) he was alright and (umm) Daniel Craig who was James Bond is also in the movie but (uhh) there there (stutter) were some genuine moments of like tension and excitement and (uhh)

but in all honesty it really didn't add up to much for me. It it (stutter) just, the movie just went on and on. It was about two hours and forty minutes long and it just (uhh)

I just became less and less invested in it as time progressed and (umm) it was, it was (stutter) just an okay movie. So I I (stutter) really, I I (stutter) don't really recommend it. There are better movies by Spielberg. Schindler's List, Saving Private Ryan, any of the Indiana Jones movies although that's like comparing apples and oranges. But

yeah, this was just (uhh). I I (stutter) really didn't, I I (stutter) didn't really like it that much so there you go.