Hey, expo tv, this is Aubs eighty four and tonight I'm going to give a review of the movie A Four Letter Word, which is currently in theaters. (uhh) This is a more independent film, so many of you won't be able to find it at your major theaters. If you have an independent or unaffiliated theater near you, this is where you're going to find this movie.

It it's (stutter) a gay movie. It follows the story of a two gay gentlemen who end up (uhh) hooking up and trying to make a relationship work. It starts out where one of the guys is kinda macho man. He's (uhh) he's (stutter) all about the guys. He sleeps around a lot. He's never been tied down. He's afraid of commitment. He's just out to have a good time. And he's got a lot of (uhh), you know, friends with him who kinda do much of the same. However, one time he goes into a bar and he meets this guy, and his name is Stephen, who is exact opposite. He's, you know, all about lovey-dovey, commitment, relationship and the two end up falling in love together.

(umm) The story is mostly about how they try to deal with being in a monogamous relationship (uhh) when the one guy kinda isn't very used to that. It deals with a lot of homosexual issues (umm) in terms of acceptance and they try to deal with love in their own way and how the mainstream doesn't really accept that a lot of times.

(umm) While while (stutter) the homosexual aspect is kind of brought up in this movie, and it it (stutter) is influenced (umm) by the mainstream, most of the movie focuses just on the two guys' relationship and how they try to make it work. It it (stutter) pretends as though it's just a normal couple who are doing a normal thing and never mind that they're homosexual, they're just out trying to (umm), you know, have a loving relationship and go on.

I think that's kind of refreshing actually because (uhh) I found (uhh) a lot of the homosexual movies focus too much on, you know, the idea that they're being persecuted or that it's so hard to be gay in today's society or, you know, they're always looked down upon and they struggle through life. And this movie, while it kind of hints at that a little bit, it's definitely not its main focus and it it's (stutter) barely touched upon, actually.

There is a lot of profanity in this movie, (umm) so if you're worried about that I wouldn't see it. (uhh) Not a lot of overtly sexual content. (umm) Obviously, you're going to see a bunch of good looking guys in in various states of undress, but not any, you know, graphic sexual depictions, or anything like that.

(umm) There is a little bit of race issue in this, too, because one of the guys is white and one of the guys is a minority. So it's interesting to see not only are they gay and struggling to deal with that, with each other, they're also (uhh), you know, the race issue comes into play a couple of times, as well. So there's kind of a lot of dynamics going on here. (umm) One one (stutter) of the main things I didn't like about the movie is that the two main actors aren't very good. I don't think they get into their roles enough. (uhh) They're homosexual in real life and so that aids them in playing gay men, but I don't think they embody their characters well enough. They don't make you feel like they're actually who they say they are.

(umm) If you've been left feeling empty by other movies before, you know what that feels like when a character doesn't sell it right you kinda, you know, you're left hallow. You're left like, "Well I paid good money for this. Why aren't they going to, you know, work hard for me?" And I think you'll get that a lot in this movie. A supporting cast, I would say is equal to that or even worse. (uhh) Some scenes, I've see, I mean guys looking off just kinda bored and like they're not even wanting to be part of this movie. And I, if you've seen a lot of movies, you kinda know what that looks like and you can kinda pick up on that. (uhh) Maybe if you haven't seen as many movies, you won't notice some of the supporting actors being bored. But you will notice the main actors just kinda not flowing very well together.

(uhh) I haven't seen any other movies with either of them in it, so I don't know what they're normally like. I don't know th if this is, you know, how they are in all their movies, or if they just weren't into this movie.

And the two main actors (uhh) actually were writers of this movie as well, so it makes me think, that it's not that they weren't into the movie, it's just kinda how they act. Which is kinda disappointing. I would have liked to see it with a more well known lead actor, (umm) who really wanted to get into the role. I'm only going to give this a one of five star. Don't worry about seeing this in theater. Rent this one. There's nothing that you're going to miss. (uhh) And you're gonna save a few bucks, as well. (umm) If you don't like gay movies, if you don't like the homosexual issue, obviously, this isn't gonna be a movie for you. (umm) But if you don't mind that kind of thing, and you're into a little light discussion about how, you know, a gay couple tries to make things work, you might be mildly entertained. (uhh) One out of five stars.