Hi guys, (umm) I'll be reviewing about the movie Iron Man. (uhh) This is (uhh) also one of the action, hero adventure kind of movies like Spider-Man or Batman kind of stuff and now there's an Iron Man. (uhh) So it originated from a comic series as you know Iron Man is a very famous comic series and other bunch of (uhh) video games for him. (uhh) Iron Man also, so this movie (umm) it, it's (stutter) start with the 

(umm) a family (uhh) known for known for (stutter) the genius Stark family and it's every descendant of the family have some some (stutter) had done some great work like (uhh) like this but in this part, in this particular (stutter) movie the guy's who's the main leading character. (uhh)

He's, he's (stutter) the, like the owner of a company the Stark company which deals in the manufacturing of other ammunition stuff for the army. (uhh) The Tony Stark this guy is being played by Robert Downey Junior and he, he (stutter) has xxx some really good job. Paints I didn't see any flaw in this movie and since I, I, (stutter)

there was no point of time I was looking at my watch. (uhh) So that then, (uhh) so that then that is the story, when is this movie going to finish because you just take to this movie just watch this movie and he's, I enjoyed this movie. (uhh) So the plot of the movie is that this (umm) Tony Stark is a genius with, he he (stutter) single-handedly like whatever he want, he's so knowledgeable and sophisticated. (uhh) So one day he was (uhh) on the demonstration in the field in Iraq and all of a sudden some people kidnapped him and grabbed him. They want him to make the ammunition for them. (uhh) The xxx missiles but he kind of fight them and make (uhh) make himself some kind of core thing known as Iron Man, (uhh) but escape from there and from there as he got a big idea to make some kind of shield around him so that he can go anywhere he wants. (uhh) He can fight with anyone he wants, he has all these great powers. So he may really that stuff (umm) where's the R and D facility he has, it was quite an awesome 

power guy xxx developing such a complicated machine even a bunch of scientists working in the lab can't do that.

So it was a fun movie and (uhh) and then as in usual in the end (uhh) good guy always wins. So he defeated the guy who was (uhh) bad in his company who really want to give ammunition to the terrorists also. So this is quite a good movie and would, I would definitely recommend you to watch this movie and (umm) now I'm being a fan of Iron Man I'm waiting for it, they're gonna make (uhh) Iron Man Two. (uhh) And I'm gonna, I'm gonna (stutter) give this a five out of five. (uhh) Again a review for the movie Iron Man.