Hi Expo TV, my name is Nastassia and I would like to tell you about the movie IronMan. IronMan is yet another awesome comic book movie. It stars Robert Downey Junior and he plays this rich playboy named Tony Stark who isn't just a dumb rich kid, he is also an engineering genius and he runs this weapon company, Stark Industries and he's demonstrating a new missile in Afghanistan when he's captured and he's pretty severely wounded. And the people who captured him, you know they are not just planning to hold him for ransom like you would expect. They want him to make them a missile. Instead, he builds this awesome armored suit that makes him into iron man. And it lets him escape and it also protects him because he still has shrapnel in his chest and that can kinda kill you. So this suit protects him, helps him get away, and gives him these awesome powers. Now the movie is really good because it's not just focused on the action scenes and the fighting and the stuff like that. It gives you a really good backstory explaining the origin of the suit, the origin of his powers, and it's definitely a movie that would lend itself to a couple sequels based on that. It actually kinda reminds me of Batman Begins because even though it has all the cool action scenes and it's really good, it's almost more about letting you get to know the characters and how they became what they will be in the future. Now Robert Downey Jr. did an amazing job in this movie. He's such a good actor and he, I think this is one of his best roles. And Gwyneth Paltrow is actually in this too, I didn't know that before I went to the movie, I guess I wasn't paying that close attention to the commercials but, she plays his secretary, Pepper Potts, which will never stop making me laugh when I hear that name. So if you like comic book movies, if you look super hero movies you should go see this. And even if it's not usually your type of thing, go see it anyway. It's a really good movie, it's got a good script, the acting is great and I just can't recommend it enough. Go see Iron Man, it rocks. I am totally buying it as soon as it comes out in DVD.