Hi. (uhh) Today I am reviewing the movie Incredible Hulk which is currently playing in theaters nationwide. (uhh) Now Incredible Hulk is a sequel to the movie, The Hulk and (uhh) let me tell you I wasn't a big fan of The Hulk but I saw all these trailers of Incredible Hulk and it looked so much action packed that I decided to go watch this movie. (umm) I think that would be the biggest mistake that I've done this year of actually going to watch watch (stutter) this movie and (uhh) let me tell you this again that you know all these movies that are coming out in summer (umm) you know which are really anticipated and what not. I am sure Incredible Hulk is the worst of all of those which have already released and which are going to release again so it's really bad and let me tell you why. So Hulk ended somewhere that you know so he he's (stutter) (uhh) kinda running away from the army and what not so this movie starts that this guy now wants to cure himself and (uhh) he's not in North America anymore. He's somewhere in Central America hiding away from the army because they still want him.

And (uhh)

out of whatever less than two hours movie, only ten minutes is when you know the hulk is actually on the screen, the rest, it's this guy planning how to, kind of you know, get away, cure himself (uhh) from being the hulk because that's basically his heart rate goes up and he turns into the hulk. (uhh) Another thing that the trailers showed was was (stutter) another guy, (umm) you know the size of hulk and looked really evil and I waited

pretty much the entire movie for this guy to show up and he just showed up for the last ten, fifteen minutes and 

I I (stutter) pretty much slept in the movie you know. I was sleeping forty minutes into the movie, was that boring. (umm) Because I thought of it as action packed,

it was not.

Another thing I noticed (uhh) was the animation part, it seems that they have just focused on the bodies of these two you know the Hulk and the evil guy. The rest and you know, the blast and the helicopter crashes and what not. The animations was really poor. Like you can tell its, its (stutter) computer animated and it's really bad. Like I would expect this kind of animations back in the nineteen-nineties but it is two-thousand eight

and no one expect that kind of animations. It was really disappointing. (uhh) The the (stutter) direction was okay and the acting was okay but the story line was (uhh)

(stutter) The story just didn't move at all. It, it (stutter) was just there and it was like you know they could have ended the movie in ten minutes if they wanted to. (uhh) That that's (stutter), you know is the gist of the story, that's the gist of the movie and (uhh) I rate this, this movie a one on five and (uhh) recommend do not go until you are huge huge fan of (uhh) The Hulk (uhh) do not go to theaters to watch this movie, it's, it's (stutter) going to disappoint you, it's going to take away those two hours of your life that you are never going to get, and plus you would end up spending money which won't be worth you know the the (umm)

the the (stutter) money that's out of you (uhh) so overall,

very disappointed by this movie, (uhh) The Incredible Hulk playing in (uhh) in theaters nation wide (uhh) decide yourself if wanna go now, (uhh) I won't recommend it so don't.