There are two types of people in this world people who like M. Night Shyamalan films and people who do not like M. Night Shyamalan films. I am one who does. This is a completely unbiased review against M. Night Shyamalan. I actually loved his first three films. I mean, I loved his first three films. The Village and Lady in the Water were complete letdowns for me. And I said to myself, if this one, The Happening, is not as good as his first three, I am going to say I'm not going to go see his movies anymore. And I think that's the way it's going to be. The movie was absolutely terrible. It wasn't, like, the worst movie ever made, like some people are saying, but it was pretty awful. (umm) The idea, as far-fetched as it is in the movie, is probably the best part of the movie. The idea he came up with for the movie, that was probably the best part. But everything about the movie, the dialog, the acting, the casting (umm), the pace, the tone, the plot, where it goes, the scary moments, the gore, all that that I just named is awful. It is just awful. It is just awful.

Now, I have to make this review kind of short. And I wish I could I could (stutter) talk longer. I could probably go on for, like, ten minutes about it, but I can't.

(umm) I'm going to tell you really fast why that's all bad and, like I said, the best part about the movie was just the idea. (umm) Even the, even (stutter) how long it was. It was only an hour and a half. And I know a lot of movies are an hour and a half, but this one was really cut down. It could have, it could have (stutter) gone on for two hours. And I think that's what it should have been, but it wasn't. I mean, it was, that was a complete disappointment. You also don't care about the characters in the movie, if they die or not. You don't. I mean, I could go on forever, but sorry.

The, (stutter) Mark Wahlberg is in this movie. Okay? And you think he's going to be, like, this awesome actor, but, you know, this is his worst performance of his career. And I'm sorry, Santa. And he holds the movie up. And that's very sad. It's the worst performance of his career, but yet he holds the movie up. He's probably the best one, best best (stutter) actor in the movie. That's sad.

Zooey (stutter) Deschanel, just stop. Just stop. I don't even know what to say about you. Just take a year off and get your head together, because that, that (stutter) movie, it was just absolutely terrible. Your dialog, delivery, and everything about what you did, everything, everything about what you did was absolutely terrible. (umm) The storyline and the way it was written, like I said, the idea was good, but M. Night Shyamalan, take a break. Seriously. Come out with a movie every three years, maybe every four years even. (stutter) Just take more time on your movies. You seriously, this could have been, had so much more potential and it went nowhere and you didn't care. You really didn't. It was, it was (stutter) laughable. It really was. And the, the dialog was probably one of the, if not the worst part of the movie, besides the acting, which was really bad. Dialog, delivery, and just the dialog had a, how you wrote it, it was absolutely awful. It wasn't realistic at all. (umm) It was so bad, it was absolutely terrible. (uhh) What else?

{Sigh} I, I'm (stutter) sorry. I really can't say anything good about the movie. Even, even, (stutter) another thing I just wanted to end with. You think it's going to be a scary movie, but it's not. There's only one scene where you're holding onto your seat and you're about to, you know, like, those scenes where you're waiting to jump? There's only one of them. There's only one scene. It doesn't even last that long.

And you think, well, it's R-rated, so there's going to be a lot of gore, right? There's no gore. There's absolutely no gore. Every time you think you're about to see gore, it just cuts to a new scene. You don't see anything. I've seen more gore in the trailer of this movie. Okay? It's pathetic. (umm) I really, you know, like I said, I really wish I could go on forever about this movie, but, in a nutshell, I do not recommend this movie. All those reasons, plus a million more (umm) that makes this movie so bad. And the casting. I'm not saying Mark Wahlberg is not a good actor, because he is, but, first of all, not in this movie. And then, he doesn't play this character at all. He should not play this character at all. Okay? Because he's a science teacher. Okay? You do not, Mark Wahlberg, he's not a science teacher. And it doesn't matter that it's a movie, we're not going to believe that. So I do not recommend seeing this movie. And I am an M. Night Shyamalan fan, well, at least I was. Not after this movie. I doubt I'm going to see any more of his movies. The only reason I'd recommend seeing this movie is probably to laugh. And that's, that's (stutter) completely honest. And I will, I really wish I couldn't say that, because I do love the guy. Like I said, I did. But I can't. I can't. I really cannot recommend this movie. I can't say anything good about it. So do not go see this movie. It is laughable. You are seriously wasting your money. Okay. You seriously are. It is, is that bad. And you think I'm exaggerating, but once you see it, I seriously am not, you're going to understand exactly what I'm talking about.