Hi. Today I'm reviewing the movie, The Happening. (umm) The Happening is the latest movie from writer director M. Night Shyamalan, who previously directed the good movies Sixth Sense, Unbreakable and Signs. And the not so good movies The Village and Lady in the Water.

(umm) Unfortunately, this one can't even fit into the not so good movies category (umm)

I'll get to that in a little bit. (umm) The movie stars Mark Wahlberg as a science teacher and Zooey Deschanel as his wife

(umm)

and also stars John Leguizamo as his friend. And

something happens at the beginning of the movie and, for some reason, people start talking funny and killing themselves.

(umm)

The cause of this is never fully explained. (umm) There are theories that are thrown about and the

big theory is pretty silly. (umm) {clears throat}

My problem with this movie isn't so much the plot. (umm) It was probably a good idea when M. Night Shyamalan created it, when he thought of it, (umm) but unfortunately, most of the time, the actors actually find themselves walking or running, rather, away from the wind. They run away from the wind.

(umm) If that sounds exciting to you then maybe you can go check this movie out, but otherwise, don't bother. (umm) The problem is also that the dialogue and the acting are atrocious. (uhh) That's probably the best word I can use to describe this movie is just atrocious. (umm) The Village and Lady in the Water were sub-par movies compared to the three movies that he made originally, but they were at least well made films (uhh) this I'm surprised this movie actually got any kind of release, any kind of distribution. The dialogue is horrible. (umm)

Dialogue's never really been his strong suit, but he usually casts decent enough actors or, at least, gets the best out of the actors that he casts to make up for it. (uhh) With Bruce Willis or Mel Gibson, (umm)

Paul Giamatti, (uhh) Bryce Dallas Howard, they're all decent actors in his movies. (umm)

I don't know if it was teaming up with Mark Wahlberg, who has is notori notoriously (stutter) wooden actor

I don't know if that hurt the film, or not, but he also did not get anything out of John Leguizamo or Zooey Deschanel, who are usually pretty fine actors themselves. So, I don't know what exactly happened here, but the acting, it feels like the words are being read off of a script. As you're watching the movie it looks like they're actually looking at cue cards and reading these words for the first time, that's how the delivery is. And it doesn't help that the words they're delivering are just dumb. (umm)

I almost walked out of the movie, but I wanted to stay till the end. I wanted to see

how it wrapped up. (umm)

The beginning of the film where the construction workers start to kill themselves, it's towards the very beginning of the film, (uhh) that was the first real sign of trouble, for me, was the acting by the lead construction worker. And, from there, it just went downhill and it went really over the top when

(uhh) they were in some diner and a lady is looking at her iPhone, which is horrible product placement, and watching some ridiculous video about a guy in a tiger pit. Obviously CG. Bad CG. Just terribly done. Terribly delivered dialogue while they're watching it. It's just an awful movie. I'm only gonna give this one one out of five stars. I don't recommend anybody ever seeing this. (uhh) This is the kind of movie that's gonna to be ridiculed in five years on DVD by drunken Frat boys because it's just that awful. (umm) I was really disappointed.