Hi guys. (umm) Today I'll be reviewing the movie

The Happening. (umm) This movie just released this week and it's been directed by M. Night Shyamalan and written by M. Night Shyamalan. And so most of you know M. Night Shyamalan he's famous for some movie like (umm) the one of the great escape, (umm) Sixth Sense. (umm) But he also made some movies like the Lady In Water. So I, so in my mind it cause kind of mixed feeling like whether it's gonna be like (umm) The Sign or it's gonna be like The Happening. (umm) So xxx I just, I went to the theater to watch this movie and let me firstly tell you it's not that good movie.

If I were rate Sixth Sense as a ten out of ten I would give this movie just like two out of ten. Because (umm) in all the movie you are just like (umm) 

they they're (stutter) gonna open suspense, they're gonna open the suspense now, now, now but. (umm) To a standard movie for still like a misleading (umm) a storyline. So in this movie (umm) the main leading character a science teacher played by Eric Moore (umm) the character Erik Moore is being playing by Mark Wahlberg. And he is the main leading character. (umm)

In this movie he is shown as a science teacher and to his point of the (stutter) amusement that (umm)

he found that something strange is happening all around the northeast (umm) coast of the country. (umm) So they they (stutter) cannot figure out what's actually happening. (umm) So in the movie you see like (umm) something return two or three and depressing xxx say totally sharp so if you are taking your children be careful because there are gonna be some scenes which could be like, so many people dead lying on the street or hanging on the tree. So that's a little scary and you don't you don't (stutter) want your children to look at those (umm) scenes. So warning for that.

(umm) So this movie (umm) like, I do not want to disclose the suspense but there is a bit of suspense in this movie (umm) that this, only this guy was saved just from the whole northeast coast just so the guy was like. and then

after sometime like xxx show up that this guy's letting his (umm) regular life and then the same thing happens some other place. (umm) That's that's (stutter) the point where the movie ends. So in this movie (umm)

I would just say that (umm) probably gonna give this movie like a two out of five.

Because the movie (umm) yeah, the most important thing I wanna share about this is that the starting of the movie, it just happened like real fun that something is happening, something is happening it's not like you set a bag down and then start on the storyline. So and in the first scene they have shown that something is happening to the city. And so that scene is continued to the end of the movie. So as I say I'm gonna give this movie two out of five. And again a review for the movie The Happening.