Hi, this is Jeff here with another DVD review for you. Today (uhh) we're reviewing National Lampoon's Vacation starring (uhh) Chevy Chase. National Lampoon's Vacation is the classic road trip movie, starring the hilariously funny Chevy Chase (uhh) who, of course, starred in many of the National Lampoon's Vacation movies. (umm) If anybody has ever gone on vacation with the family, this is a movie you can relate to. (uhh) The story is Clark Griswold, playing by Chevy Chase, takes his family on a road trip vacation across the United States, heading for the fictional WallyWorld.

And, of course, if anybody has traveled with their family locked into a car for multiple days, or even multiple hours, you know that things happen, funny things, not-so-funny things, and we get to see Chevy Chase's take on many of those.

And, of course, there is the story of the road trip and there is the story of the destination and what happens when they get to WallyWorld. I won't tell you what happens when they get to WallyWorld, because that is one of the greatest punchlines of the entire movie, and if you've not seen this classic, you certainly deserve to enjoy the surprise for yourself for the first time. (uhh) This movie is rated R. Now, when this movie was made (umm) in nineteen eighty two, and it was rated in nineteen eighty three, (ahh) of course ratings have changed over the years. If it were made today, it probably would get a PG-thirteen, maybe even a PG. (umm) It may not be a movie for your five-year-old, but screen it. It might be a movie that some of your (uhh) older kids can watch. But as it does have (uhh) an R rating, (uhh) it's something that you should screen yourself first if you've not seen it. (umm) If you're a fan of the National Lampoon movies and you've seen some of the newer ones, (uhh) like Van Wilder, this is what started the franchise. Go back and watch the classics. If you enjoy the new ones,

the older ones are, are (stutter) just as good and (uhh) I and many would venture to say even better. (umm) There is a theatrical trailer included on this DVD and (uhh) subtitles in English, French and (uhh) Spanish. The movie is only ninety-nine minutes long. It's it's (stutter) not the longest movie in the world, so you can sit down and enjoy it. (uhh) While they take it to extremes, I guarantee everybody will find some parallel to some part of their life growing up with their family. (uhh) National Lampoon's Vacation, starring Chevy Chase. A highly recommended movie. I suggest you go out and check it out today if you've not seen it before. And if you're a fan of the movie, pick it up. It's a DVD well worth having in your collection. Thanks, and see you next time.