Hey Expo TV, today I'm reviewing The Happening. (umm) This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen and that's not even a lie. I've I've (stutter) seen a lot of really bad movies, I walked out of a couple movies. And I would have walked out of this one if I hadn't been praying for M. Night Shyamalan to pull something at the very end. (umm)

Mark Wahlberg was terrible, he will never get a job after this hopefully, because he was so bad in this movie. And M. Night Shyamalan wanted this to be campy and like a two hour long Twilight Zone and with even worse actors than they had back in the day. (umm) They were actually really good in Twilight Zone, this is this is (stutter) that was a insult to the Twilight Zone this is a terrible movie. (umm) I know people are rooting for M. Night Shyamalan I know that

you know, he hasn't made a movie since Lady In the Water, god forbid that movie too. He's just on, (stutter) he hit his peak at twenty-three years old, like this kid he he (stutter) doesn't know what he's doing any more. The Sixth Sense was a beautiful movie, it was a beautiful film I love that film. (uhh) Unbreakable was pretty good. (uhh) Signs, awesome. (uhh) And then there came The Village which was not great but it was still okay. There was the twist there we counted on M. Night Shyamalan for that, we were like, oh it's the twist and then it came and you're like (uhh). But you know what, that was okay.

Mainly Lady In the Water which was just an atrocity, and The Happening was even worse. It's people running away from wind.

Yup. For twenty-four hours and that's it. They're just running away from wind because it's carrying,

well there's actually no real (stutter) explanation really but they think the trees are trying to poison them because it makes the part of their brain, some chemical part in their brain shut off (umm) so they all kill themselves. So I think what M. Night Shyamalan really wanted to do was make a movie where he could just have people kill themselves in the most creative ways possible, because that's all this was. And it wasn't even that gory, like.

It could have been so much more, it really could have been but Mark Wahlberg just killed it, he killed it. It, he was so unreal in this movie. I mean even in one part an old lady's like, you're gonna kill me in my sleep and he's like, what, no. Like come on, have some emotion, like, don't sound like me {laughter} sound like a man who's like (uhh) and Zoey Deschanel I like her too but she just did a very poor job in this movie. But like I said maybe he meant it to be really campy and really silly and if he did, good job.

But even then don't go see it, don't even see it as a satire, it's not worth it. It's a terrible film. Terrible. M. Night Shyamalan has got to get back on track, we need another Signs, we need another Sixth Sense, we need another Unbreakable. These were all great films, these were amazing films. He can get back into that, I don't know what's wrong with him why is he doing this, I'm really pissed off at this movie. I was looking forward to this film all summer. I was so psyched about it because I figured it was the comeback, it's the first R-rated movie, it's gonna be grotesque, it's gonna be twisted, it's gonna be awesome.

No, do not waste your money on this film. Don't even waste renting it on DVD. If it comes on cable, see it then.

That's all I can say, don't do not (stutter) see this movie. There's nothing more I can say. I give it one star because it's the lowest I can go but if I could go lower I would. The Happening, don't see it, it will waste your time and it will make you so sad for everyone involved, especially M. Night Shyamalan because

I don't know. He must have a stroke or something between films because this is just so bad I don't know why he thought this would be a good idea. M. Night Shyamalan get your act together and Mark Wahlberg, (uhh) go back to Marky Mark that's what you gotta do but do not go back on film. (umm) And Zoey I've got hope for you, but don't trust M. Night Shyamalan again. Okay, The Happening, do not see this film. Do not see this film.