I just recently returned from the (uhh) movie theater. I saw a movie that you may have heard of called Iron Man. (uhh) Iron Man is probably the biggest movie of the year so far, it's made more money than any other movie. (uhh) It's (uhh) I think Indiana Jones is

just (stutter) you know, is close to it but not quite (uhh) there, Iron Man is Iron Man is (stutter) still in the lead. It stars of course Robert Downey Junior, Terrence Howard, (umm) Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeff Bridges. Jeff Bridges actually does a real good job in this movie, cause most of the time if if if (stutter) one of the Bridges brothers is in a movie (uhh) you know it's gonna be a B movie, but he actually does a pretty good job. (umm)

Iron Man the (stutter) this movie it's based on a comic book, a series of course. And the premise of it is that Robert Downey Junior he plays a character named Tony Stark who his (uhh) started with his father and now he's running the business, (stutter) they produce weapons. And he's, he's (stutter) idealistic and he's thinking well, you know, these weapons are going to defend the United States (uhh), you know, from terrorists and everything but he soon realizes (uhh) (uhh) from events that happen in the movie that the terrorists are getting their hands on the weapons that he's making. So, you know, he's he's (stutter) caught with a dilemma and a decision (umm) regarding his, you know, personal life, what he believes in and everything as far (uhh), you know, making the weapons. So (uhh) and like I said it's got much much more to this movie.

It's got a lot of special effects, I mean really good special effects, you know, you just won't believe some of the stuff that you see. And (uhh) Robert Downey Junior he is actually (uhh) a much, much better actor than people give him credit for and he does a wonderful job in this one and he (uhh), you know, he delivers (umm) humor when it's needed to be delivered, I mean everything just works. The chemistry with everybody works (uhh) just fine. And (uhh) I don't think you can go wrong, so get to the theaters while it's still playing, watch it on the big screen, and then when it comes out (uhh) buy it on DVD cause (uhh) you know, like I said, it's just a really good movie and it's the best movie of the year so far. So go and check it out.