Hello, my name is Mike, and today I'll be talking to you about the movie The Love Guru starring Mike Myers. As formality here's my movie ticket,

and there we go.

So, what'd I think about this movie?

Mike Myers is usually pretty funny.

I mean (uhh) Austin Powers was pretty hilarious, almost all of them were.

(uhh) Wayne's World was funny. Love Guru not so much. I mean it's not that Love Guru doesn't have at least a few funny jokes. It's just primarily that most of the movie is really crude and,

you know, for a guy that usually does humor that's a little better than this, I mean it can be slapstick and silly, but not usually quite this level of just crude stupidness.

Makes you wonder what he's thinking when he decided to make this movie.

You know I always thought that Austin Powers was pretty juvenile, but in reality it was actually a fairly good level

of intellect. Sort of a James Bondy joke, you know? And you really only realize this after watching this movie when you go "Oh. It could have been a lot stupider". Which is exactly what this movie is, it's stupid. It's about a guy,

India,

wants to learn to be, you know, a guru so girls will like him. You know, it's even the line that he uses in the preview. So,

you know, he becomes this guru and sort of this idea of like ahh it's the horny, chastised love guru.

He's kind of a dork and

the stuff he says is just sort of ridiculous most of the time, and the advice he gives is horrible and sorta questions whether or not it's any good at all.

In reality I really feel this movie is like, yeah, (umm) it's about on par with some of the stupid Saturday Night Live sketches. You know, not even the good ones, but about the stupid ones. Which, you know, are best tolerated for about two minutes. So a full length movie is really hard to pull off with this premise,

you know? The premise itself might have been good, might have been workable, but this is definitely not a workable version of it. So I'm going to give The Love Guru a one out of five. (umm)

Rent it maybe? See it at a super budget price maybe? But (uhh) it's questionable whether or not you should even do that. So Love Guru one out of five for being a very crude, very juvenile adaptation of a not so great premise. Thank you and goodnight.