Hey, ExpoTV. This is Aubs eighty four and today I'm going to talk to you about the movie The Wedding Director. (umm) This is a foreign film. (umm) It's set in France and it's definitely subtitled. So if you're not a fan of sub-titles, you're gonna want to steer clear of this one. (umm) If you don't mind subtitles and you're into foreign films, I would still say don't get your hopes up. It's just, it really isn't that good. Honestly, I was bored out of my mind and couldn't wait for this film to be over. It was long. It it (stutter) drew on and on. (umm) In typical foreign film fashion, it was all about character development, and all about the background story and getting to know people. And, you know, generally I don't mind that. But when it's, in terms of this movie it was just so pointless and didn't seem to go anywhere and was just kind of a big circle of ridiculousness actually.

(umm) The basic plot of the story is that this guy, Franco, is a film maker and he's worried about (uhh) getting his daughter married to this extremist religious guy who's kind of crazy. So he's all whipped up about that and all of a sudden this scandal breaks loose and Franco's forced to flee his country. He has to leave (umm) because he's kind of been indicted for some things. He's not looking very good. He's not gonna be making any more movies anytime soon in his homeland. (umm) So he leaves and in his new city, he ends up being there and he meets this guy who finds out he's a film director and says, well can you film my daughter's wedding And Franco says, sure, I'll do that. And basically what happens is he's filming the wedding and he falls in love with this woman who's getting married. So it's kind of,

it's all out there. It's a little bit ridiculous with the extremist religious thing at the beginning and then the scandal and then falling in love with the girl. And it kind of doesn't really fit together. (umm) I think any one of those three things could have been it's own separate movie and it would've been a better production, rather than trying to ravel all three of these things into one long, drawn-out and ridiculous film.

I think it would be enough to swallow (umm) the whole scandal thing. And I can't, I can't (stutter) even go into all the detail around the scandal thing because it's so in-depth. And so (umm) convoluted and messy. You just kind of have to watch the movie and read the subtitles for yourself (umm) in order to figure it all out. And even for myself, I still wonder if I got the whole thing right. It's that messy. (umm) And that was my least favorite part about the movie was that scandal and the huge shebang that happened because of it. It, it (stutter) could have been simplified or done as it's own movie where you can spend the time getting into and really explaining and delving into the whole situation. (umm) When you try to combine it into a whole other movie like it was done in this one, it's just to much to digest. It would have took me

another two or three viewings (uhh) just to to (stutter) figure this out. And I don't think any movie should be that complex or that complicated, foreign or not. I mean

entertainment value here is what I want and that's not what I was given in this film at all.

I'm only gonna give it a one out of five rating. (umm) I can't think of anything (uhh) for the movie as a whole that would have increased that rating. (umm) If they would've broken it up I mean, then it's just different films so you can't even, it's comparing apples to oranges kind of. (umm) But that would've been a better alternative to what they did here. (umm)

I I've (stutter) seen some foreign film lately that I really enjoyed. I really got into the story line and really felt part of these characters. But this one was kind of fantastical and weird and out there and just not worth my time. Again, one out of five stars. Don't waste your time seeing it in a theater. Don't even waste your time renting this one. It's just  not worth it. There are much better foreign films out there.