Hello, playing over my shoulder is this movie. This movie is called The Signal. I didn't like this movie and I'll tell you why. It's because three people, three different people, wrote it and directed it (uhh) all separately. (uhh) It utilizes pretty much the same cast from beginning to end and it's about (umm)

(uhh) some sort of a strange signal that is (uhh) broadcast from an (uhh) unspecified source (uhh) over television waves and (uhh) radio waves and cellular phones, and regular phone lines. And (uhh) it just drives people insane, it (uhh) makes them want to just you know, wig out and start killing each other. And the first third of the movie I really enjoyed, I thought it was a really solid setup (umm) for a pretty good horror movie. It felt like something along the lines of twenty-eight days later. And it just, it felt really solid and like it was going to be a good movie. And in the middle of the movie (umm)

tried really, really hard (uhh) to be funny and failed spectacularly. (uhh) It was it was (stutter) not funny at all, I like maybe laughed, I'd say maybe five times, one time pretty hard at something that happened,

(umm)

but (uhh) over the course of forty minutes laughing five times at a part that is (uhh) supposed to be funny from start to finish, (umm) that just doesn't, didn't cut it for me. (uhh) So (uhh) and there was one character in particular that was just

incredibly annoying (uhh) in the middle of it. His name was (uhh) Jim Parsons and I absolutely hated him. (uhh) There is no way that any normal human being would invite him to a party. (umm)

I'm going to hold this up here to block something out. {laugh} (umm) Yeah I really didn't like this movie at, at, at (stutter) all. The first third of it was, was (stutter) pretty good. The middle of it totally ruined everything that came before and after it. And (umm)

the final third was mixed, it was okay. (umm) Special features (uhh) include (uhh) deleted scenes, a making of (uhh) featurette,

and (uhh) yeah plenty of making of featurettes and (uhh) director's commentaries, so (uhh) 

(uhh) I I I (stutter) don't recommend the special features, (uhh) I I (stutter) can't because I didn't watch them because I didn't like this movie (uhh) enough to watch them, so

I don't recommend this movie. Sorry.