Hey what's up Expo TV? (umm) Stephen Boyd here (uhh) here to

talk about a movie I saw about a week ago. (umm) And I was hoping I would forget about it, that's why I haven't done a review on it yet. (umm) It was a depressing experience

(uhh) to say the least. It was a movie called The Happening, and it was bad, it was really really bad. (umm) Here's the thing,

it was written and directed by, I can never say this guy's name right,M. Night Shamylan I think. M. Night Shmamalan or something like that. But anyways. It's written and directed by him. You all know him. He did The Sixth Sense. He did Signs. (umm) Those movies. And I really love those movies and I, I (stutter) though, you know his other movies weren't as bad as people made them seem, you know they weren't like fantastic, but this movie is just terrible. (umm) Everyones making a big deal because it was his first R rated movie. I was like Oh okay well, you know there's a reason it's probably rated R and

it just kinda sucked. Like I was hopping there'd be more violence because if you go to a rated R movie about like. Oh yeah I guess I should tell you a little bit about the plot. Basically it's like a family on the run from like this, this (stutter) natural crisis that's taking people over and like making them kill themselves in really horrific way, and in the previews you see like three or four people killing themselves

and you're like oh my gosh that's really intense, this is gonna be a really intense movie. But no, the the (stutter) three or four times you see it happening in the previews are the only times it happens in the movie. So basically you could save yourself the time, go on Youtube and watch the preview of the movie, and you would get all the most intense parts of the movie in that preview. (uhh) The rest of the movie (stutter) stunk. (uhh) Mark Wahlberg, terrible, terrible actor. So unbelievable. Dude is so bad, it's just like embarrassing, some of the acting he does. And (uhh) yeah, it just wasn't good. And he, M. Night Shamalyan is always in his own movies. Which, sometimes it's not bad. In this one it's just like stupid. I don't know, he's not a very good actor either. But

(umm) don't even rent this movie. It was so bad. There's so many better things you could do with your time. You could like,

go watch (umm) all the videos that Expo TV rejected for two hours, or an hour and a half, and that would be a better (uhh)

better way to spend your time than to see this movie. So one out of five stars for this movie. It really let me down and also because I gave him a chance. I was like oh, I like your other movies, I'll see this one. Really disappointed, don't waste your time. One out of five stars.