Hey, ExpoTV. Aubs eighty four here today to talk to you about the movie the Ripple Effect, which is currently in theaters. (umm) This movie is kind of low budget and doesn't feature a lot of well-known actors or actresses. (uhh) Forest Whitaker and Minnie Driver are the two that I recognized and that I have seen in other films.

(umm) The basic storyline of this movie is that there is a Hollywood (uhh) director and his life has kind of fallen apart, his marriage, his finances, his relationships. Everything is kind of going downhill. And the idea is that these changes kind of ripple out and affect all aspects of his life and lead to new things. So just like if you throw a rock in a, in a (stutter) pool of water, (umm) the ripples kind of go out and they alter and affect all the water around them.

In the same same (stutter) (uhh) stance, when his personal life kind of falls apart, it ripples out and affects this guy's professional life as well. (umm) Fortunately, though, this guy does not let that ruin him or bring him down. It actually leads to a sort of awakening or revival, and he sets out to change a few things and to make his life better and to try to take, take (stutter) things into his own hands and do what he can to right all the situations.

Now, I don't know if this movie is (uhh) very well done, quite honestly. (umm) It kind of seems like Minnie Driver and Forest Whitaker have had much better performances. And the main actor in this one also, even though I've never seen him before, I have to believe that he's had better performances like this. He doesn't seem to embody the character very well. I just don't picture this guy as as (stutter), I don't (stutter) picture the actor actually being this guy, going through this really hard time and, and (stutter) struggling through his life, as he deals with his marriage and everything else.

He doesn't sell it very well, in other words. (umm) A poor job in that respect. And I think that, like the movie says, ripples out and affects the rest of the cast as well. (umm) As I mentioned, the supporting actors and actresses kind of don't live up to the billing, they don't live up to (umm) what they could have done and what they have done in some of their other roles. So I was let down, quite honestly. (umm) I had heard little about the film before I saw it, but what I had heard was positive and, and, (stutter) your know, uplifting and thinking that it was going to be a good movie. (umm) But, like I said, everything put together here wasn't. The soundtrack was downer. It was kind of depressing in parts and it just didn't rebound to give the highs to the positive notes of the movie like it should have. So even though it, the music dragged you down with a sad part of the movie, it did not bring you back up when it turned around and got happy. And I don't want to ruin anything, give away any plot spoilers or anything like that, (uhh) but things, you know, get better. When, when (stutter) he has an awakening, you can kind of expect that things are going to look up from there.

One thing to make the movie better, I think, I think (stutter) when it goes into the actual writing and directing, I don't think the writer or director brought out what they could have in these actors and actresses. Now, the writer just writes it and kind of leaves it at that, but a lot of them tweak it (uhh) based on what the (umm) actors' and actresses' input is. So, for instance, if they think this scene might work a little bit better this way, or if the director suggest that (umm) this scene might be better dialogued this way, you know, the writer writes that in and makes changes. But I just don't see that being done. Maybe he was just given bad advice and made changes for the worse, or maybe, like I think, the actors, actresses, and director just weren't in this one wholeheartedly. I'm only going to give it a one out of five stars. Not a whole lot of redeeming quality about this movie. (uhh) Save your money. Don't go see it in the theaters and don't rent it.