ExpoTV, this is Aubs eighty four and I'm going to talk to you today about the movie The Doorman, which is currently in theaters. (umm) This is a very low-quality film, very low budget, nobody (uhh) of any kind of (umm) ability actually in acting is in this film (umm) no well-known actors, no well-known actresses, nobody directing or even writing it that you probably would have ever heard of. It follows the story of a doorman in New York City, or basically a bouncer at one of the clubs. And he's very popular, very well known. (uhh) He kind of goes on a big power trip about how he can get people into this club and how he knows all these people and blah, blah, blah. And it's all about him and his life and he's so cool. (uhh) But eventually, he loses his job and he comes crashing down to earth (uhh) when he loses his job because he realizes he pretty much has nothing to go on. (uhh) The people he knew and were so friendly with, I mean, they don't talk to him anymore since the, he can't get them into any clubs. They were basically using him for (uhh) his position at the door. And they weren't really friends at all. And he kind of tries to come to terms with this, has to get a grip on things and realize what's actually going on in his life and what he has going for him.

Now, that that (stutter) may sound like it has some potential and it may be going somewhere and it could be, you know, some big story about self-revelation or interesting of the fact that he knows all these people and it could be synopses of people's lives that come to the club and the information he can get from them, and, you know, just kind of cool, it could be kind of like a back, (uhh) behind-the-scenes type of cool thing about these popular people.

(umm) However, it's nothing like that. It's actually quite terrible. It is basically a big ego trip by this doorman guy (umm) and how he wallows in self-pity and self-realization when it turns out that he actually has nothing. The writing (umm) was pathetic, (uhh) quite frankly. The story goes nowhere. It's basically a big circle. He wakes up one day, feels sorry for himself, tries to get over it, can't, goes out, gets shunned by these people he's tied to, comes back, and crashes, gets drunk and is worthless. Gets up the next morning and it goes around in a circle again. Gets up the next morning and it goes, anyway, you get the idea. It keeps going round and round and round. Same thing over and over and over again. Not worth seeing, not worth renting, not worth wasting your life over, quite frankly. The soundtrack is nonexistent, for the most part. Not that it could have added much to a movie like this, but still, at least maybe some good music would have redeemed it in a small way. But not even that. So it's all downhill. (umm) Nobody can really act in this one. It all keeps, seems very staged, very set up, nobody is acting natural, nobody is getting into their roles, and nobody is meshing with one another. It's almost as if they're all competing with each other to get a space and to try to get themselves known so they can go to Hollywood and make a real good film. I would say that this movie should have gone straight to DVD or straight to the garbage, quite frankly. (uhh) One out of five stars is what I have to give it because I can't give a zero out of five stars. Do not waste your time on this one. It's completely not worth it.