The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor. I'm gonna just come out right and say it. Do not go see this movie.

It fails on every level possible. They shouldn't have not even made the movie.

They probably even shouldn't have made the second one to be honest. And (uhh) there's, I can't really say one good thing about this movie.

(umm) The casting, Rachel Weisz, is not a return a big problem there. Big problem. It really has an effect on the movie. You don't love the characters as much cause the original actress that played Brendan Fraser's wife is not back. Brendan Fraser just fails entirely. He's not funny anymore, he's getting older, and the whole hero guy who tries to be funny with the one-liners, just just (stutter) stop. Just, it's terrible. The plot

it has nothing to do with the first or second Mummy anymore, which is you know, it's a good idea you know? Maybe get away from that. But you don't care, you really don't care about the tomb of the Dragon Emperor, this Dragon Emperor guy, you don't care. (umm) The special effects are way too over the top and not only are they over the top, but they are fake. You can it's it's (stutter) insulting. It is insulting the way they are. (umm) And I'm not trying to be like, mean about it like you need to do better but they do need to do better. I mean the public is so used to special effects and computer effects now that we expect a lot more and we are being insulted by this movie. Everything about it, the special effects you can tell are fake and they're just trying to put so much action on you and and (stutter) CGI and special effects that like

the movie and the plot just are completely lost and they're just trying to throw that to make up for it. So really

and it doesn't make up for it at all. So I do not recommend seeing this movie. It was

in a way it was entertaining, in a way. But really it's not worth your money. I I (stutter) think if you took your kids to go see it I think I think teenage audiences or them might enjoy it but really, it's that great a movie. I think it's (stutter) I think it's gonna fail

(umm) on all levels. Really I don't think it's good at all.

Really, I mean just, you gotta go see it. You gotta know what I'm talking about. It's just old. The Mummy franchise is dead, or they need to reboot it or something because Brendan Fraser's one-liners in all this stuff, it's just the public's not gonna take it anymore. It's really boring, it's old, it's cheesy. It it (stutter) was old five years ago, seriously so just stop it. (umm)

I guess the good thing about the movie was it was it was (stutter) so

it was it was (stutter) so like bad that it was entertaining cause like, you kinda lose yourself in it in the fact that it's not real. I mean obviously it's not gonna be real, you know, a mummy coming to life but like

it's just so over the top that it's like somewhat entertaining you know what I mean. Like it's just so unbelievable that you just gotta sit back and kind of enjoy the ride while you go along with it. So that's that's (stutter) one good thing I'd say about it. Other than that though I do not recommend this movie at all. Do not go see it really. Do not waste your money on it.

Or if you're going to, go see matinee or something cheaper, seriously. I just, I think you're gonna get bored with it. It's just too much CGI, too much action and it's it's (stutter) over the top, it really is. So

don't go see it in my opinion. It's not good. I'm gonna give it two out of, two out of (stutter) five stars.