Hey, hey. My name is Mike and today I'll be talking to you about the movie Swing Vote. As formality, here is my movie ticket.

And there we go. So the basic premise of this movie is as follows: Kevin Costner plays a character who is just sort of the (uhh) lame sort of loser. He, you know, doesn't really give a care about anything. And (uhh) so his life is just sort of passing him by. His daughter tries to get him to vote, so he goes and votes, and it causes a screw-up that la-de-dah-de-dah. Big surprise. Causing it so that his vote is the one that decides the presidential election.

Okay. Well, that's a pretty unlikely-sounding premise, but let's run with it for a second. So then the rest of the movie falls upon the idea of, hey, look at him becoming blobbity-blobbity, look at him deciding the election, all the things that sort of happen. Everyone is trying to get his opinion. He can't really decide, for a while, doesn't care. He starts to care a little.

And (uhh), well, it's supposed to sort of have the message that everyone's vote matters and voting is important and look at the American political system. If anything, all it does is bore people of the American political system even more. This movie is dull, dull as dirt, duller than dirt. If there was something duller than dirt, that would be it.

It's, there's nothing really exciting. Kevin Costner put in an all-right performance, but that's not enough to save the fact that this movie just isn't very good. You know? The premise is sort of laughable. The implementation is meh, thumbs down. And so then you're just end with, you know, it's a political movie that's supposed to be like, oh, sort of satirical a little, but it's not very satirical.

So what you end up with is they took a movie that, they took two movies, really, one that's sort of the Disney culture movie of, hey, look, we're making a family-friendly movie. But that fails because it's boring and can't hold anyone's attention, a child or an adult. And then they sort of had a sort of, hey, let's make a satirical political movie. And that sort of fails because it's not well done. They didn't satirize (stutter) anything to a sufficient degree. You know, it just sort of felt, so then you try to put it together and neither one succeeds.

So, Swing Vote, Kevin Costner, one out of five. You know, the only reason I liked this movie in any way, shape, or form is because I like reviewing bad movies. So, Mike here, saying one out of five. Goodbye. And just for a change of pace, I'm going to turn all the way around.