Hello everybody, my name is Mike, and today I'll be talking to you about the movie Curse of the Dragon Emperor. As formality, here is my movie ticket.

Here it is again, and this time in slo-mo. mommy vision whoo. Alright so the movie is called Curse of the Dragon Emperor.

(uhh) That's not what it should be called. It should be called, why do you keep making this series.

The first one was alright, I will admit that. It was actually a fairly good movie.

And from that point on they've all been sort of been downhill. With this one probably being the worst one.

This is probably gonna go down as one of the dumbest movies ever made.

So basic premise, (umm)

in the distant past a few thousand years ago.

Chinese Emperor was imprisoned in a sort of suspended animation cryogenic state. Except for without freezing.

And, so him and his army are disguised as the Terracotta Army and the guy from the first previous movies are (umm) accidentally wakes him up and now that guy's gonna try to take over the world. Yeah, so number one, there's no mummy, technically.

(uhh) Number two, that's not that clever of a plot.

You know, it's it's (stutter) sort of clever, you're like, oh well, I can take like vaguely historical things and sort of thread it together to be something (umm) junky. But that's really all that is. It's not that great, cause really even in the end, it's just a vague rehashing of the previous ones. So the story itself is not done very well. It just,

they didn't add anything new to it for me at a previous incarnations, besides the old, let's just set it in a different location. And it's not in Egypt anymore now, it's in China. It's still the same thing. No one does a very good job on their acting. Not a single actor whatsoever.

So, dialogue is bad. I haven't mentioned that yet, but I am right now. Dialogue's bad, acting's bad, the story's bad.

And (umm) so yeah, this series needs to stop. It's not worth seeing. I, this isn't worth seeing. It's not worth renting. It's not even worth seeing at your friends house, for free.

It's stupid. Let it die. Don't go see it. At least that might convince people, hey we should stop making these movies and maybe make something new for once. So this has been Mike, saying hey, it's not good, don't see it. One out of five, boohoo. I'm going away now. Thank you and goodnight.