Hey all. It's the king of movies here and today I'm going to review (uhh) The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor. Now (uhh) this is a new movie (uhh) starring (stutter) Brendan Fraser, Jet Li, and Maria Bello and it's the third (uhh) movie in the, The Mummy series.  I believe the last one was actually in two-thousand-one or two-thousand-three. It was definitely over five years ago so (umm) this is kind of a surprise in a way to see a sequel so soon, perhaps it's because (uhh) Indiana Jones four came out and people are kind of on that adventure wave right now. They're,

(uhh) they're enjoying their adventure kind of movie. (umm)

This movie as as (stutter) the other ones were is is (stutter) not to be taken too seriously, it's pretty much popcorn entertainment. (uhh) It's just something that you watch, mindless fun (uhh) that you eventually, you know, just forget about pretty much immediately after watching it. (umm)

As as (stutter) popcorn entertainment it doesn't really (uhh) (uhh) fail necessarily, but it doesn't do its job as great as say even the first Mummy. (uhh) The movie has Jet Li in it, which is a nice surprise, but I feel that if they (uhh) could have used him more in it (uhh) it would have been movie if they did. (uhh) There's some CGI in, CGI in (stutter) here that isn't very good and (uhh) usually there shouldn't be a problem but (uhh) it just detracts from the experience I think. (uhh) (stutter) It ends up being a little (uhh)

a little disappointing. (uhh) There's also just not that much (stutter) stuff in terms of originality. It's a lot like the other Mummies, if you've seen those and you like them you'll probably want to just see this cause you'll like it too. If you're looking for even like a slight twist in the Mummy formula you probably won't wanna bother watching this because you're not going to be getting something like that. So once again, if you, if you (stutter) enjoy just popcorn movies like even Journey to the Center of the Earth, if you like that (uhh) you might want to check this out. (umm) Unfortunately this one isn't in three D though, so it's not as entertaining but

(stutter) I think this is strictly for Mummy fans and people that just want (uhh) some kind of escapist movie to forget about their worries for ninety minutes. And that's my review of The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor. (uhh) In this movie they actually go to China and that's the whole dragon thing and that's why Jet Li is in it, in case you were wondering. And that's my review.