Hi Expo TV, tonight I wanna talk to you about a movie that I just went to with a friend and a sister in law. We like to go to movies after we get our kids in bed and we usually to go see a chick flick. Well the movie of the (umm) last weekend was The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants Two. And I have to admit, this was not my favorite movie. I had seen the first one, it's a story of four girls who find a pair of pants that magically fit all of them so they each (umm) took the pants for a week (umm) as they went on their summer and

it was the story of what happened to them when they were in the pants. I know it kinda seems funny but anyway (umm) this is the second summer of

the story. And (umm)

I thought it was a little slow I actually found myself yawning at the end of the movie. I was like is this over yet, it just kind of drug on it was a little bit predictable. The story was kind of about you know, the four girls, where their lives are taking them, are they gonna stay (umm) a tight group of four are they gonna grow apart. Just what happens with them and it's just

in my opinion a little bit boring. Granted it was a nice night to get out away from the kids and stuff. But

I think I could have picked a different movie. So it wasn't horrid, but it was a little slow. (umm) So if if (stutter) you want a chick flick this is one you can see. I can't say you're gonna go out feeling inspired or anything like that. But it's a show that you can go ahead and watch. It did make me cry. Most movies you know, kind of chick flicks do but I can't say it was the greatest movie. The characters in it where the same ones from the original movie, (umm) great acting (umm) that kinda stuff. But just I think the story just drug on they could have made some changes that would have made it a little bit better. Some of it was just a little unrealistic at one point, it's not gonna ruin the movie but all four of the girls all magically ended up over in Greece cuz one of the girls was one of the girls (stutter) over there. And the other three just happened to be able to go because the father had extra frequent flyer miles. Okay who really has enough frequent flyer miles to send their daughter and her two friends to Greece the next day. Just a little bit unrealistic but anyway. (umm) This was the movie Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants so you can go check it out for yourself and see what you think. Thanks Expo.