College. Starring, who cares? Written by, it doesn't matter. It doesn't even matter anymore because this movie is absolutely terrible. It is like this movie reminds me is is stutter almost exactly like

the American Pie Band Camp, the American Pie Naked Mile except ten times worse and the fact it's in theaters and not straight to DVD or straight to the trash. Really, if you pay money to go see this movie I don't even know anymore. In the trailer they compare this movie to like, you know, Animal House and American Pie how they were for teen comedies. This movie has absolutely no comedy compared to that, it obviously they're trying to go for young audiences, young adults because they're going to have sexuality in it, of course they do. They're going to have, you know, language, nudity, and

drinking, drugs and all that stuff cause it's, you know, college, whatever. This movie is not funny folks, start to end. The story line you don't care about anything. I absolutely hate this movie. I can't even describe.

Not only should of it went straight to DVD, if that, it shouldn't have been made, it shouldn't even have been thought of, okay? Really, it is that bad. It is, like, what I can compare it to is a straight to DVD American Pie Presents, that's what it's trying to be.

And it is not funny or anything like the American Pie series or Animal House or, you know, Revenge of the Nerds like it do in the trailer. The story line is about these freshmen who, or is about to be freshmen, seniors in high school and they're going to freshman orientation, okay?

And they meet up (stutter) you know frat boys and all this and they become friends with them and they meet up with sorority girls and all this and then sexuality flies and then oh they get, you know, in trouble with the frat boys cause, you know, conflicts arise with the girls. It is absolutely terrible. And not only is the story line terrible, the comedy is not funny, get this through your heads. It is not funny, okay? This movie is aimed at young adults who really have nothing better to do with their money. Please go see another movie or do not see this movie at all. Please, please, I am begging you. Do not see this movie.  So if you think it's going to be anything what college is like

it is no. Just because, you know,

there, you know, there's there's (stutter) drinking in college does not mean anything that's something happens in all of them, this is completely so cliche and such one of those college movies that just, you know, exaggerates everything a hundred-million times. Really, it's an exaggeration of everything. So please, don't go to see this movie, it's not funny. Seriously, that's all I got to say. Giving it a one out of five.