Hello everyone. Playing over my shoulder, unfortunately is this movie and this is Star Trek five: The Final Frontier, the two disc special collector's edition. (umm) This this (stutter) movie is is pretty obnoxious I have to say. (uhh) The fourth movie is is (stutter) known for being a very funny movie which I completely agree with. It is a very funny movie. This movie (uhh) tries to be funny. It tries very very hard to be funny and seems as effortful in it's attempts at humor as the previous movie did (uhh) seem effortless (uhh) in in terms of being funny and this movie tries so hard to be funny and just fails at every twist and turn. It is about (umm)

a (uhh) a Vulcan who commandeers the Enterprise, cast and crew and all, and (uhh) tries to find God at the end of space and it's (uhh) just as obnoxious as it sounds. It (uhh) was directed by William Shatner and he completely screws it up and it was the first movie he ever directed and they shouldn't have let him direct it because this is a franchise that I really enjoy. The first one is kind of mediocre but the rest of em are all really good, with the exception of this one and (uhh) they followed up my beloved fourth one with this (uhh) steaming pile of garbage. (uhh) The special edition features for this (uhh) steaming pile of garbage (uhh) are as follows. There's a commentary with William Shatner and his daughter, who wrote a book about the process of making this movie. I can't wait to listen to it and listen to him try to defend himself. There is also a text commentary by the co-authors of the Star Trek encyclopedia. (uhh) That's on disc one. Disc two has the Star Trek universe featurettes. (uhh) production featurettes about previsualization models and (uhh) press conference for Star Trek five. There's deleted scenes, although I can't imagine watching, wanting to watch any more of this movie outside of what's contained in the previous thing. (uhh) There's advertising, theatrical trailers and TV spots, which I enjoy watching. I really like watching TV spots and there's a production gallery. (umm)

I don't like this movie. I I got it in a in a set with all the other Star Trek movies and (uhh) I figured well you know, they're so inexpensive, I mine as well get this one. Maybe it's not as bad as I thought it was. Maybe it's not as bad as I remember. But it is as bad as I remember it's every inch as bad as I remember. I don't recommend it.