All right, ExpoTV, I'm going to review Death Race. This is a outrageous movie that came out (uhh) in the middle of the August. It's been out for about a little over a month now. (umm) It's about a prisoner who gets framed and he goes to he goes to (stutter) a prison. It's in the future kind of too. And the economy is bad and people don't have good jobs. You find that out in the beginning of the movie. And people don't have good jobs and stuff, so this guy gets framed and goes to jail. And he's, like, a really good race car driver, apparently. But that's not his job, it's just in his history. So he goes to jail and then (uhh) this (uhh) (uhh) lady who runs the jail asks him to do this TV show that's viewed by, like, everyone in the USA. And so he, it's like a death race. That's why the, you just drive around these cars with guns all over them and try and win the race. And if you win all three races, then you're free and you don't have to serve your time anymore in jail. And it's really hard to win. And (umm) she just wants, she just wants him to race in it because (uhh) he's really good at racing. But you'll find out more later in the movie.

But, anyway, so, yeah, it's Death Race. (uhh) The actor is John Statham. That's why I saw it, because he's in it. He's a really good actor. He's usually in action movies, like The Transporter and

(uhh) a few other, like Crank, some other ones. (umm) Also is Joan Allen. She's the lady who owns the prison and the TV show. And then a bunch of others, like Tyrese Gibson, people like that. He's another race car driver that (uhh) John Statham's character races against and tries to win. And so (stutter) this movie had a pretty good idea. Like, I liked the storyline. (umm) But it was just too much, like, action and too much, like there wasn't, it didn't really even out. Like the acting and stuff, I don't know. The story was pretty good, though, but the overall overall (stutter) movie wasn't that great, probably like three out of five stars.

(uhh) I'd recommend seeing it if you like any of the main characters in it. But, other than that, it's really nothing special. You're not going to be blown away by it or anything. (uhh) You can pretty much guess what's going to happen (uhh) halfway through the movie.

So it's rated R for strong violence and language. (umm) So definitely want to be, like, at least seventeen to go see it. Definitely not a kids' movie. (umm) It's about a hundred and five minutes long, so about hour and forty-five minutes. Pretty good size movie, average. (umm) So, yeah, Death Race. (umm) Wouldn't recommend seeing it unless you really like the characters and you like action, violence, language movies, stuff like that. So, yeah, Death Race.