Hi, my name is Logan and this piece of dog crap is 

The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. 

This (uhh) stars Sean Connery. It's just so stupid. (umm) It's set in like the eighteen hundreds and it's like fantasy and (uhh)

you know, the (stutter) first of all the main star, or the main guy in (stutter), there's like all these like Captain Nemo's in it and then other people, other famousishy people from around that time were in it. I have never heard of Alan Quartermain. I don't know what they were thinking when they decided that Sean Connery should star as Alan Quartermain. It doesn't make any sense but (uhh)

I don't know. It it's (stutter)

pretty dumb. There's like a vampire in it, an invisible guy, Captain Nemo, a guy that can't die cause he's like he starts out as a good guy and then he goes to a bad guy. It's really just a dull story line. It was an excuse to get Sean Connery into a James Bondish role without being James Bond cause they didn't want to pay for that and he (stutter) shoots people and he acts like oh I'm Sean Connery {mumble} you gotta shoot people, this is how you do it. I can't do a very (stutter) good Sean Connery voice but

this was really lame movie. I mean, come on Sean, can't do you do better than that? (stutter) It's just {sigh}. 

It's like he was really hurting for money so he picked the first script that came along. It's just a horrible, stupid movie. It doesn't make a lot of sense. The action sequences are sometimes way too long and sometimes they're too short and it just, it jumps around, it's like oh he's going to his, you know, his (uhh) his castle of fortressness, we have to go get him. So they go up into the mountains or something after the bad guy. It's like how do they know he was there? Why did he go there? That's like the first place you would think he would go, why would you I don't know. It was a really dull story line, it doesn't make a lot of sense. 

Don't get this movie.

It's from the director of Blade, that should have told me 

in the first place cause Blade sucked, this sucks. Don't rent it, don't buy it, don't waste your time. You could spend two hours doing something better with your life than watching this piece of junk.