The Haunting of Molly Hartley

Where are movies going these days? I don't, I don't (stutter) even know.

Do not pay to see this movie. Do not rent this movie on DVD. Do not watch this movie for free and do not even think that this movie was made, just pretend like it never even existed okay? Cause it is that bad, and like, I promise you it is that bad, I promise you.

The plot goes nowhere.

But not only that, there's no scares. So if you (stutter) think you're gonna see a scary movie, you're not. There's no scares, and if there are, they've been done before and they're predictable. You know they're coming, because they've been done before.

There's no plot. It goes nowhere. You don't care and then by the time the ending comes around you think, that's it? That's seriously the ending?

And you like, you really question

if they even continued (stutter), if they even finished filming or if they were just like, let's just rap it up and put a movie together and send it out. I mean you really contemplate that. Do not see this movie. (umm) There's one good thing about this movie and it's really not even that great is that some of the actors and actresses, you know, they're pretty good looking. But not even that much, I mean, it's just a cliche Hollywood thing. You can just tell they hired all these good looking young actors and actresses and put em in there to try to sell the movie to teenagers. And that's it. That's really all I got to say about this movie is do not even think about it,

okay. And I promise you it is that bad.

If you pay full price to see this I I (stutter) really am sorry if you didn't know how bad it was or just anything like that. If you were just like, oh I'll give it a chance, I really, I'm I'm (stutter) sorry. I really am sorry. Because this movie goes nowhere. The Haunting, you think it's gonna be like the Exorcism or something, it's not. It is so dumb

she's basically haunted by the devil or something

because her mom stabbed her or something. I'm not even gonna tell you. Just, it's dumb. Don't go see it. That's it. That's all I gotta say about it. Don't go see it. I'm gonna give this one out of five. Gosh, it was a

waste. I'm more mad that I waste life, really. A waste of life.