Hey Expo Tv Eric here, got a DVD for this it is the new, (uhh) this came out last week. The new David Bazan DVD (uhh) at the microphone. Or alone at the micrphone sorry. (umm)

David Bazan (uhh) if you don't know he was the frontrunner of (uhh) Pedro the Lion and also (uhh) The Headphones. And now he's just doing solo stuff and he does have a new album hopefully coming out this year probably the spring of next year. Anyways this just came out October fourteenth and it's sixty-four minutes long. And what it (stutter) consists of is just him (uhh) playing songs (umm) and doing some interviews here and there. And some of the songs are everyone of you, which is a headphones one that he's playing. (uhh) Two moving parts, (uhh) options, the sole system is erased, shit talker, priests and paramedics, (umm) and it's a couple newer songs. It's (uhh) if you give a little, look at that there it's just guitars and pretty plain sample of the setlist and the inside has got the whole track listing and the interview segments. (uhh) If you're a Dave Bazan fan you have to pick this up. Just to have really and to show off to all your friends it's what I did and they loved it. (uhh) The only thing is, it, if you know the songs on here and you're gonna watch him play like it's actually kind of boring. (umm)

I mean they're good songs (uhh) I preordered this and (uhh) I don't know how it works now but if you I think whenever you order this online you get a (umm) a, you get all the songs (uhh) just you know an audio version just so you can have them play, which is really cool. (umm) This came out via (uhh) bar soup records, which he's on now. Which you might know Deathcab for Cutie's on that. (umm) It, but I mean, but it's a great DVD (uhh) if you're a Dave Bazan fan. (uhh) The interview segments are really good. (uhh) He talks about (uhh) songwriting and his family, (uhh) playing live and (uhh) love songs.

And so the main overall, I mean it's like I've been saying it's a good DVD if you're a Dave Bazan fan, (umm) and if someone you know hasn't listened to him, definitely put this DVD in for them and (uhh) you might be able to get them to turn around and like him.