Hi expo. Today I'd like to do a movie review for you of a movie that's currently in theaters and that is The Boy in Striped Pajamas. (umm) The Boy In Striped Pajamas is a movie that (umm) is about

(umm) World War Two and the holocaust and it's about a young boy whose father is the herr commandant of a concentration camp and they actually move (umm) him and his family move close to the concentration camp. (umm) Not close enough that they can see everything but pretty close. (umm)

And the young boy, the German boy, (uhh) starts exploring in the woods and actually stumbles upon the concentration camp and he meets a young Jewish boy who is a prisoner of the camp (umm) inside of the concentration camp from the other side of the barbed wire fence. (umm) And they start forming a relationship that is kept secret from (umm) everybody that they, they (stutter) know. (umm) And this movie really just explores (umm) their relationship and the culture of the family (umm) and it's a really good film because it touches on a (umm) really sort of innocent relationship that's taking place and (umm) it touches upon the holocaust in a different way than you've (umm) seen it probably portrayed before. This movie is (umm) unimaginably sad, (umm) but it's also unimaginably touching, which I think, you know, is kind of typical of most holocaust movies. (umm) It does a really good job, there is no (umm)

there's no like

nudity, no (umm) profanity and things of this nature so it is appropriate for (umm) older children who are starting to learn about the holocaust and things like that. Of course it's a topic that you always want to be cautious with in how you present it but it's a part of history that we all need to know about and this film did a really good job of (umm) portraying that. (umm) The scenery was beautiful, the cinematography was beautiful, and all the actors did a really wonderful job in their roles. It was definitely a movie I think everybody out there should go check out. Again (umm) it's The Boy in Striped Pajamas and you should definitely check it out.