Hi, today I'm reviewing the movie Gran Torino, starring Clint Eastwood and directed by Clint Eastwood. (umm) The movie is about a Korean war veteran, played by Eastwood, who lives in (umm) a Detroit suburb suburb (stutter) and (umm) is trying to cope with the changing of his neighborhood as several (uhh) Hmong (uhh) immigrants start to relocate into the town. (umm) He is a very crotchety old man and he

starts the film at his wife's funeral with his disrespectful family who he's pretty much always disappointed with. (umm) And he slowly comes to terms with the changing neighborhood around him and befriends the (umm) Hmong neighbors next door. (umm)

Overall, this movie was not as great as I'd expected from (umm) Eastwood. Both in the director's chair and as an actor. (umm) I was kinda disappointed with it. I thought the dialogue was silly at times and it was (umm) very melodramatic film. (umm)

Which was unfortunate cause I really wanted to go in to watch a great Eastwood film. (umm) As an actor he plays jut kind of a crotchety old man, but he does turn into (umm)

the (uhh) kind of the Clint Eastwood we all

know and love. The (uhh) gun toting, don't take anything from anybody Clint Eastwood who (umm) just kind of uses violence to get his way. (umm) And he deals with the repercussions of that and (uhh) his own

personal feeling toward the immigrants in his town. (umm) The character development was okay. (umm)  I really enjoyed seeing Clint Eastwood as this character. He was funny and very (uhh) gruff and (umm) hard to love, which makes him likable. But overall, I really I was very disappointed with the film. (umm) Eastwood was great in the movie. (umm)

But it was kind of a one dimensional character, even though he does kind of go through character transition that you would expect him to go through. (umm) And it is kind of (umm)

typical kind of (umm)

an ending that you would see coming if you were paying attention to the movie and

(umm) kinda predictable. But I did like his performance. I would, overall I would have to give the movie only two out of five stars. (umm) Like I said, I was disappointed with it overall. But (umm) It's well worth it just to see Clint Eastwood turning into an old man and using a gun to get those darn kids off his lawn. (umm) So if you are fan of Eastwood maybe check it out just to see him in what could be his last (uhh) acting role, or starring acting role anyway. (umm) So just go ahead and check it out if you're an Eastwood fan, otherwise, stay away from it.