Hey, how you doing? My name is Roger. Went and saw Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince (umm)

the other night. And I will tell you I am not (umm) one of those Harry Potter fans. Have not read the books. (uhh) Have seen the other movies, but I've seen the movies because I went with my daughters, or (umm) who who (stutter) were had gotten into the books, and read the books and really (umm) you know, were a fan of Harry Potter.

(umm) So (umm) my my (stutter) review is based off of someone who is not a true Harry Potter fanatic. Okay, but went to go see a movie with a daughter that enjoyed it (umm) that it was a fanatic. But, so I want to give you my perspective from the other side of it. (umm) I did not read the books. (umm) I have seen all the movies, I did state that. (umm) What I found with this movie, one it was two hours and thirty minutes long, which was a tad bit long for me. (umm) Because most of the, most of the (stutter) time in the first thirty minutes, I was trying to figure out who these people were. How they related to each other, and they did talk about things that happened in prior movies, and I vaguely remember. And if I had read the book, obviously I would know the whole story up to this point in time. Because what I'm, whatever number this movie is, it is a, it is the next segment in the (umm) in the series of of (stutter) movies. So I did understand that you, you can't just walk in and say, and expect to catch up with everything. It doesn't start from the beginning. It's, picks up pretty much, I guess where it left off of the other one. So this (uhh) (uhh) was a (uhh) little bit of a hindrance for me, because like you said for thirty minutes I was trying to remember who was that person. How did they relate? Who was that for? Were they a good guy or a bad guy? (umm) They looked familiar, those type of things. So I had a little bit, you know, trouble catching up with that. The movie itself was fun, it was enjoyable. It was action packed. It moved along very well. (umm) Again, it was just the thinking behind it, the story behind it, I didn't carry it as well as I needed to. So maybe I should have watched the other Harry Potter movies before I went. (umm) I definitely, if you ever get into it. Read the book, cause the book will definitely tell you what you need to know. I just however was not going to read that book before I watched the movie. So you know, it was enjoy, more enjoyable for my family who've read the books. (umm) It was not, wasn't (stutter) quite as enjoyable for me. So, it's just okay. (umm) I probably would not go see it again because, again, I I (stutter) until I have some background information, it just really wouldn't work for me that way. Okay, that was Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Thanks.