Hi. My Roger and I want to tell you about a movie called Body Double. 

Now this is a Brian De Palma movie that came out back in nineteen eighty four 

and I will tell you back in the eighties when I first saw this movie, I thought it was a pretty good movie. 

(umm) It had it as a mystery, intrigue, (umm)

you know, very, very, kind of (uhh) (stutter) drama type (uhh) you know

investigative type movie 

and (umm) you know and back then I really enjoyed it. I thought it was a good movie about a guy who was house sitting and actually seeing somebody get murdered and all of the sudden she's there. 

So they try to figure out how this happened.

(umm) But you know, 

getting this movie a couple years ago because I saw it on the shelf and looked at it and I said, you know, it's kind of, it's it's (stutter) just not up to par with today's type of movies. 

(umm) There's a little bit hocky (umm) looking at it now the special effects were were (stutter) terrible, I mean they weren't that good at all 

and the story wasn't as deep as I thought it originally was. So, you know, I'll take it, if you, if you (stutter) want to go back down through memory lane to see movies that were done back in the eighties, 

this is obviously an eighties type movie. 

(umm) It's not up to par with anything on today's standards and I'll tell you, I saw it again and I just I just (stutter) didn't enjoy it like I would of some of movies that, you know, that some of the other older movies so, but anyways it's called Body Double, it's rated R because its got some sexual 

scenes in it and some cussing in it things like this language (umm) and and (stutter) some nudity, you know and, and back in the eighties, I guess, you know when you look at the, the (stutter) (uhh) {laughter}

the selection you had, this was a pretty good movie but in today's today's (stutter) standards, today's world, it really was a kinda a hocky eighties movie so I don't really recommend you go and get it or go and watch it again, there's probably some other movies that you probably rather watch instead of that.

But anyways, it's called Body Double and (umm) it's got it's a Brian De Palma movie. Ok. Thanks.