Hi. How you doing? Let me tell you a little bit about this movie called Beauty and the Beast. Now, this is a special edition, which means it has another complete another DVD with a lot of special (umm) effects on it. But this is Disney's Beauty and the Beast. And (umm) we originally had this as a VHS, (umm) but they did come back in and digitally remaster it, turn it, put it into a DVD format. And, you know, it's just a timeless story. (umm) It's a good family movie. (umm) Younger kids will just enjoy it, because you've got the princess, you've got the, the the (stutter) kind of the monster, which sometimes can be a little bit scary to real younger kids, but, you know, it's just them coming together. It's a nice heartwarming. It's a love story. It's enjoyable.

(umm) Anyway, it has, it's a musical, obviously. It's got quite a few songs in it, some songs that you've heard before. (umm) But a lot of songs in it that they're just fun songs. (umm) It is just typical Disney style (umm), with a lot of (ahh) a little bit of goofiness, at lot of tongue in cheek, not a lot, just a little bit of tongue-in-cheek humor in it. So, as an adult, you kind of enjoy that a little bit too.

But (uhh) it is a it's (stutter) fun movie. It's a good movie to put, add to your collection. It is a Disney classic. (umm) I know they only have these out, they only come out from time to time. So when it does become available again, I would go ahead and purchase one (umm) because whether it's for your kids or your grandkids or whoever, (umm) it's just a great movie to watch with them. 

So take a look at the Beauty(stutter) Walt Disney's Beauty and the Beast. And, like I said, this is a special edition, which it has (uhh) an extra DVD, which allows you to put something do something (stutter) in the computer with it and things like that. We don't really access that as much, but we do like to watch the special effect, because many times, it (uhh) the special (uhh) they tell you how they made the movie or they (umm) give a little documentary on (umm) you know, where the idea or how, how (stutter) certain characters were made. And this, they do a very good job explaining that. And it just kind of adds a little bit more to the value of the movie. 

So take a good look at it. (umm) Like I said, it's Beauty and the Beast by Walt Disney.