Hi, my name's Jennifer and I'm here to talk to you about the movie Girl Interrupted. 

Girl Interrupted stars Winona Ryder, Angelina Jolie and Whoopie Goldberg. 

Winona Ryder is a young girl who 

commits herself to a mental institution 

because she tried to kill herself and she 

or her parents have decided they basically want to find out what's wrong. 

She doesn't realize that she has a problem, she doesn't believe it at the beginning of the movie. 

And it takes her a long time to figure out what is wrong with her and how to deal (stutter) with it. 

Now Winona Ryder eventually finds out that she is borderline personality disorder. 

And she, inside the asylum she meets Angelina Jolie who is a sociopath. 

And Angelina Jolie is very destructive, basically for anyone who meets her up in, she, they just get very hurt and they just, their treatment doesn't work any more, she just 

destroys everything around her and it's just not a good thing. 

And Whoopie Goldberg is one of the main nurses of the clinic. 

(umm) Or the asylum and she takes care of everyone 

and realizes what's going on and the three of them just have great performances. 

The great portrayals of (umm) 

both the nursing position that Whoopie has to portray and what 

Winona Ryder and Angelina Jolie, 

their portrayal of the illnesses that they are supposed to have. 

It is a very intense movie and it's not for the younger audiences there are some very graphic scenes in it. 

But for older 

(umm) people especially girls, 

they should see this movie and see what it's like. 

(umm) It's a comment on 

just mental illnesses in general, 

and you can see how people learn to live with them 

and how hard it can be to overcome. 

And this is just a wonderful movie and it's done (umm) by Columbia Pictures and it's Girl Interrupted and I highly recommend it. 

It's even the nineteen ninety nine academy award (umm) winner Angelina Jolie gets for actress in a supporting role. So just watch this movie, absolutely incredible, I think you'll all love it.