The movie I will be reviewing for you right now is Final Cut starring Robin Williams. 

The idea of this film is very

very interesting. 

The whole main tag of this is basically in the end, 

he sees everything. See, in the near future, 

they have people that 

run a machine called the guillotine. What it does is that after you die, it takes all of your memories

that were downloaded on a chip that was implanted in your brain. 

And what it does is it allows them to make little snippets for your funeral. Little

(uhh) home movies if you will. Just a reel of movies 

to show at your funeral. 

Now, 

this man sees atrocities. All sources of evil off people throughout his adventures of, well not really adventures but throughout his career of going through everyone's memories and editing them for their

family's consumption at the funeral.

Now as I said, that's a very good premise. That probably have you captured right now like I wanna see Final Cut right now. 

It is a good idea, it's executed well to a point. I mean it takes Robin Williams and shows how he's going slowly descend into this abyss of the things I've seen and it just ropes him into a conspiracy. He's seen the memories of the wrong person 

and how now people are after him for what he knows.

But just the way they ended the movie was so terrible that, 

{sigh} it's not even worth seeing the whole thing because it just, it just lifts you up to a point where you're just like, this is great. 

This is the kind of movie that makes you think about how things could end up. How people would be in the future. What people would do after they die and kinda live forever you know. 

Like they have their memories on their chip and now people would just be like well this is what he was like and this is what he did. But unfortunately, 

the ending of this movie is too horrible and too disappointing to say this is a good movie. 

So we'll just leave it at that where it was exciting when it began but when it ended, 

it just wasn't worth it.