Hi, how you doing? My name is Roger. I'm going to tell you a little bit about Disney's version of Beauty and the Beast. Now once again this is a Disney movie that they have made quite a few years ago and then they remade it and digitally enhanced it and put it (stutter) re-released it back out on DVD. This is the platinum edition which means it has an extra disc on it. 

And on this extra disc is just a, a (stutter) world full of other (umm) bonus features that you can look at. But getting directly to the movie itself (umm) Beauty and the Beast is just a classic movie that (uhh) is great for kids of all ages, it's great for adults, (umm) I mean (stutter) it's you know a great movie to watch with your kids, you know, and (umm) it's fun, it's enjoyable, it's a lot of, it's really it's (stutter) a musical. It's got a lot of singing in it. (umm) And you know I'm not real big on musicals but I'll tell you it has a lot of fun songs, it's got a lot of silly things in it, (umm) it's got a few lines in there that are memorable, that you kind of recite back over and over again just because it's they they're (stutter) fun and and (stutter) silly lines. (umm) But it's a good movie. It's a fun movie to watch (umm) like I said (stutter) with your children of all ages they'll enjoy because the animation is geared down to

that level but, you know, at at (stutter) a younger child's level but also as (umm) for an adult it's even enjoyable there. (umm)

So, you know, if you're looking for a good movie that you want to have your kids look at or (umm) even to show as a family, you know, Beauty and the Beast is a great movie to watch. (umm) Now I'll tell you the the (stutter) special edition which is what this is, I don't even know if it's still available out on the on the (stutter) shelves because Disney does release things then pull them back off the shelf for a while and re-release it again. (umm) But this has, you know, couple of different

(umm) versions of the film on it. (umm) It's got a experiential DVD which you put in your computer so that you can play some games and do things like that with it if that's what (umm) to kind of get your whole Beauty and the Beast experience. But if nothing else, okay, at least go to the, go to the (stutter) store if you have never seen this movie. (umm) Go, go (stutter) and (umm)

go to the rental place or wherever you may go and rent Disney's Beauty and the Beast and watch it with your kids. It's a great movie. Thanks.