This is Donnie Darko. The two disc special edition director's cut. This movie's about, I believe, (uhh) 

about twenty, thirty minutes longer than the original cut. (uhh)

It it (stutter) goes into some extra plot elements. This is actually movie the way it was (uhh) intended to be shown. (umm) I was actually first (umm) exposed to this through this very recently and I have to say that 

(umm) I like psychological movies, this is definitely a psychological movie except it goes more, like, it doesn't just go over the deep end, it hangs from it below and just kind of leaves you there wondering what's going on, what's happening, how is this happening, what are they, what is what is (stutter) he doing, how is he doing this, you know? Like all these questions will run through your head but it slowly educates you on how things are going on and what what's (stutter) going on. {cough} This movie basically starts off with the idea where 

Donnie, the character played by Jake Gyllenhaal, is (uhh) he he (stutter) is leaving his house late at night. It's like he's sleepwalking and waking up in the middle of nowhere and one (stutter) at one point when he does this a (stutter) (uhh) plane engine falls through the roof and hits his room, but he wasn't there. And according to this (uhh) the movie this (uhh) spurs on a chain of events where 

time splits. That's all I'm really going to say because the movie can (uhh) explain this so much better than I can but 

that's where the introduction of

Frank the Bunny comes in. You know, so that element how do you explain? See a lot about this movie is things you're not supposed to understand until you get into it, so there's not really much I can tell you except for this movie will leave you questioning everything up until the end. And then (umm) you might have one question on your mind, like I still have (uhh) the one question on mine but I'm not going to ask it because it will ruin it for you but if (uhh) if you think about this movie too much you'll start asking the same question. So 

watch this movie. 

It's very good. 

If you like psychological (uhh) sci-fi then this will be it. And it also has Patrick Swayze in it as a (uhh)

as a (uhh) the Jimmy Swaggert type in every way, shape, and form. Enjoy.