This is Bruce Campbell versus the Army Of Darkness 

the boomstick edition. 

Now, 

this is a two disc set set (stutter) the details, the actual, the original movie 

in widescreen, in full screen, 

(uhh) and it also has the original ending the (uhh) 

it's dubbed the apocalypse ending. 

That (uhh) that was actually cut out of the original feature because it was too much of a downer 

and was (uhh) replaced with the S mart ending. 

(uhh) I'm not gonna go into any more detail about them cuz 

just see it for yourself, they're good stuff. 

Army of Darkness is all, 

(uhh) the follow up to Evil Dead Two, Dead By Dawn. 

(uhh) It actually follows after the movie, which is more I can say than Evil Dead and Evil Dead Two which was just a remake. 

(uhh) 

But (uhh) Army of Darkness 

follows right where Evil Dead Two left off, in (uhh) 

Ash going through the portal and ending up in another time frame. 

Now 

in this movie, 

he is (uhh) 

(uhh) first believed to be 

a soldier for the red army. 

(uhh) Eric the red and 

those types you know. 

And (uhh) 

and after proving his worth, which comes to a very, 

very cool sequence 

with (uhh) some very cheesy theatrics, 

(uhh) 

he (uhh) 

he convinces them that he's the chosen one that's written of in the in the (stutter) necronomicon, 

which is actually what he's sent to acquire. 

Now from this point, 

many things go wrong. 

(uhh) He finds himself fighting against himself. 

(uhh) 

He finds himself fighting the (uhh) the origins of the deadites, where all those zombies actually came from. 

Where they were birthed. And 

of course he fight against the army of darkness which we'll see how that comes together. 

(uhh) 

This movie is basically it it (stutter) departs from the, 

from the horror ideals that the whole series started with, 

and moves onto a straight 

action adventure comedy. 

Which (uhh) works out pretty well. 

And (uhh) 

it, it (stutter) (uhh) 

has its (stutter) exciting moments, 

it has its funny moments and it has its straight up weird moments. 

So (uhh) 

Army of Darkness. 

Boomstick edition with the director's cut and special commentaries and TV spots and all kinds of other features that 

(uhh) I don't have time to list now, 

so just go ahead and pick this up.