Hey y'all how's it going my name is Jordan and (uhh) today I'm gonna be reviewing the DVD Mona Lisa Smile. 

Now (uhh) 

guys if you ever hear that your girlfriend or your wife or whatever 

wants to watch this movie, 

run in the opposite direction as fast as you can. 

Because this 

is not what guys wanna watch. That's for sure. This movie is no good if you're a guy, 

and for sure if you're a bunch of guys and you're gonna sit around and watch your movie. 

This is one you definitely wanna skip over, I'm pretty sure 

that you could tell just by the cover 

that this is probably one that you don't wanna watch with all the guys on football night or something like that. 

You definitely wanna skip over this one. 

Girls though, you're gonna like this a lot. 

(umm) Everything I've heard from all the girls that I've talked to they really liked this movie. 

(umm) I mean 

I've seen it, it was okay, 

I just didn't really get into it at all. But I mean I wasn't really expected to. 

But (uhh) it has Julia Roberts in it and a few other 

(umm) actresses and I mean it, it's (stutter) an okay movie, Julia Roberts is a good actress. 

(umm) (umm) 

But really this is a movie for girls, 

and so girls y'all are really gonna want pick this up, guys you are gonna wanna skip over this definitely. 

(Umm) 

As far as the special features go it doesn't have a whole lot of stuff, 

it has few galleries because this movie has a lot of art in it, (umm) as in like paintings and stuff like that. 

It also has like a gallery where you can go through and look at the (umm) 

the different paintings that they studied 

(umm) in the movie like in their class. 

(umm) So yeah, so I guess the special features are okay but again you're not gonna find them interesting unless you find the movie interesting and I just didn't find the movie interesting at all. 

So you'll probably not even care about that if you're a guy. 

But if you're a girl 

you're really gonna like this. So this might be a good purchase for you. 

(umm) But go out there and rent it first for sure. 

And (umm) guys just just (stutter) skip over it completely. 

But (umm) but yes, so that's Mona Lisa Smile. 

(uhh) Guys don't get it, girls, 

think about it.