Hello, I'me here today to talk about

Conan The Barbarian. This is the latest Conan The Barbarian. (uhh) Little background, I am a fan of the original Conan The Barbarian movies with Arnold Schwarzenegger (uhh) But I'm more of a fan of the comic book Conan. That's why I went to see this movie. (umm) I kinda knew that it wasn't gonna be the greatest movie in the world when I went to see it because the reviews weren't that great and it's not really doing that great at the box office. But I have heard that it's closer to the comic book in the way that

it was originally intended to be when it was written, and by that I mean it's a lot more animistic. A lot more goriness and a lot more hacking and slashing than your typical sword and sorcery movie. (uhh) But where this fell short was on (uhh) several points. (uhh) First of all, the acting wasn't that great. Well (uhh) I guess the acting was okay, but the dialogue they were given was not really anything that someone could work with. I thought Jason Momoa did as good as could be expected and I thought it's actually a fairly convincing Conan in looks and actions. And the supporting cast was all big names, but none of em had any roles. (uhh) You know,

Rose McGowan, Rachel Nichols (uhh) Ron Pearlman, they all had little small parts and (uhh)

even the ones that had bigger parts, like Rachel Nichols, didn't really add anything to the movie. (umm) Basically what we get is tons of hacking and slashing. (uhh) If you try to count how many limbs are lobbed off in this movie even if you limit it to limbs that were lobbed off by the ax, you're still gonna lose count somewhere around ten thousand. I mean this movie is just incredibly (uhh) gory and violent and while it is truer to the comics, (uhh) the comics did have plot lines and story lines and this movie, sadly, is just a convoluted mess of a plot line. So I will say that Jason Momoa did a fairly good job being Conan and looking like Conan. (uhh) This Conan movie just (uhh) failed in my opinion.