Hey everybody. My name is Jordan and (uhh) today I will be reviewing the DVD, the 

Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood now wait a second, now wait a second, I know the guys are just, like what in the world, I seen a lot of movies, (umm) 

I'm willing to watch a movie once for sure I mean anytime, I'm gonna watch a movie. (umm) 

But,

and I always give it the best, you know, benefit of the doubt and like I'm going to sit down and watch this movie I'm going to enjoy it

you know. If I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't have to watch it again, if I like it, I'll watch it again. 

Well this is one I will probably not watch again. 

(umm) Guys, nobody,

you really wouldn't care about this. I really don't think guys will really care about this movie at all. 

Girls, if you're looking for a birthday present to get your boyfriend or something like that, 

you would probably want to mark this off your list definitely and (uhh) 

guys but guys if if (stutter) you're looking for a good movie to give your girlfriend and that's not that expensive, then this will definitely be a good one. (umm) The movie itself, it's it's (stutter) geared, you know, not for guys, it's not action packed or anything like that, 

(umm) it's not really that interesting, it's just a lot 

drama stuff, I mean, I just, I just (stutter) didn't like it at all.

(umm) Special features, I mean, they have (uhh) commentary, stuff like that but, I mean, I wasn't even interested in watching them because, I mean, who would really want to watch commentary on something that they didn't like in the first place. 

So (umm)

so yes so, guys, this would be a good movie for your girlfriend just make sure she knows, that you know, you're not gonna watch it with her except for one time. 

(umm) Girls, don't get this for your guy friends, they they (stutter) won't like it.

(umm) Yes but so, so (stutter) guys get it for your girlfriends 

and girls get it for yourself but, anything other than that, you probably wanna skip over it. So.