This 

is Bruce Campbell Versus Army of Darkness

the Director's Cut Official Bootleg Edition.

Now

this is probably the worst cut of this movie I've ever seen. It just doesn't sit right with me.

(uhh) It has about fifteen minutes of extra deleted material, 

(uhh) which was deleted for a reason. It's just (uhh) it's alright, it just doesn't, it's not necessary. 

The thing that really bothers me about this cut is the editing. It doesn't give you an option as to which ending you see, you're stuck with the apocalyptic ending.

Where if you like that ending then you're probably good with this.

But I really didn't like the apocalyptic ending, it just left me disappointed. But 

(uhh) if you saw the movie, you know what I'm talking about. If you didn't, you'll have to see it to understand. But 

(uhh)

this 

(uhh)

(uhh)

it just 

(uhh) 

it's just (stutter) not a good cut. It's just cause of whoever put in deleted scenes, they're grainy.

(uhh) Like if you're gonna if you're gonna (stutter) do a director's cut where you put in deleted scenes, at least

(uhh) make them

look as nice as the rest of the movie you know?

Because then it just kind of detracts from what you're watching.

(umm) Okay so I will explain the movie now so I got that out of the way.

(uhh) Bruce Campbell reprises his role as Ash in the third installment of the Evil Dead series, though this is Army of Darkness, not exactly Evil Dead. 

(uhh) It's more of an a action comedy than (umm) any of the other ones were horror. It's more of a an action oriented 

(uhh) one liner spouting hero 

(uhh) has is (stutter) trapped seven hundred years in the past and in order to get out, he has to find, of course, the Necronomicon.

And (uhh)

and many hijinx ensue

with his search for the Necronomicon

and (uhh)

the resolutions afterwards.

What goes on afterwards.

(uhh)

But (uhh) 

he ends up obviously 

having to take on the army of darkness.

(uhh) The thing is though that there's several freight, he's in medieval time basically.

(uhh) Very arcane, 

(uhh) non-technological, but it still goes with the idea that 

(umm)

That (uhh)

he (uhh) somehow has the knowledge to

(uhh)

(uhh) create and build whatever he wants out of what he can find.

(uhh) That's interesting, but for that you'd wanna see a different edition of this movie, but not this one.