This is Evil Dead Two: Dead by Dawn. (uhh) Directed by Sam Raimi and of course starring Bruce Campbell (uhh) with supporting cast Sarah Berry, Dan Hicks, Kassie Wesley, and Richard Domeier. (uhh) 

This movie is kind of a, it's kind of disappointing because it's a more comedic version of the first movie. (uhh) What they actually did was (umm) after making Evil Dead the success it was they were actually given a larger budget and (uhh) they decided to make (stutter) do a remake of the first album, err the first (uhh) the first movie, sorry. Do a remake of the first movie but the way they wanted to do it, the way they had actually envisioned it to be when they originally conceptualizing doing the original movie but couldn't afford to do it. (uhh)

This movie is more comedic than anything. It's not really scary (uhh) at any point it's just kind of labeled horror because that was the intent. But (uhh)

(umm) this movie throws in (uhh) more sets, (uhh) more things involved, more people involved. Basically (uhh) Bruce Campbell's character Ash is taking his girlfriend up to a cabin (uhh) to get away and (umm)

basically have a good time. And of course (uhh) the Necronomicon is found. (uhh) Pages of it are (uhh) missing. 

But (uhh) the person who actually owns the cabin has (uhh) passed down the pages to someone who's actually going to the cabin to study them. Now (uhh) this throws in (uhh) more supporting characters that show up along the way, our guides of the person of the daughter of the of the (stutter) archaeologist, or whatever you'd call the person who is studying the book. And (uhh)

 and of course this brings about like the same in the first movie. Pages of the book are read, Ash has to face the zombie threat. (uhh) It (stutter) it uses different (uhh) different ways of facing (stutter) them this time and there's actually a point where Ash's own hand gets possessed. How that gets resolved is actually excellent. (uhh) This isn't a horror movie, it's just a remaking of the first one but it's still something to watch, it's still a pretty good movie and it's great for a lot of laughs and especially drinking games. So (uhh) go ahead and pick up Evil Dead Two: Dead by Dawn, starring Bruce Campbell.