Nine Inch Nails And All That Could Have Been Live. 

(uhh) It's basically a (uhh) live compilation, well not really a compilation, it's a concert of theirs 

where they play a lot of the new songs from the fragile and many of the classics from 

pretty eight machine, broken, and the downward spiral. 

(uhh) So there's there's (stutter) a good, it's basically the nine inch nails version of the greatest hits. 

(umm) 

It has (uhh) a lot of the favorites like (uhh) closer, head like a hole. (uhh)

If you were in the broke, into the broken album, it has wish, gave up, (uhh), it has a lot, it also (stutter) has (uhh) sin and all those, all the (stutter) songs that were considered great of the nine inch nails time, all the singles, (uhh)

but with this, this is the (uhh) 

the deluxe two disk edition so it has this nice (uhh) 

{noise}

this nice little clothy, fibrous 

(uhh) outer case and then you got the maxi pack that you always come in, nine inch nails seems to love to use,

with the

nice little booklet here with the artwork from the fragile 

(uhh) different art work that wouldn't have made it. 

And then (uhh) you got your two disks, 

one of which is the live concert and the other one is called still. 

It has (uhh) piano, acoustic guitar and vocal. (uhh) Some drums of some, like some original nine inch nail songs as well as some newer ones like (uhh) something I can never have from pretty hate machine, it was pretty much guitar and synth song 

(uhh) now it's simplified even further to drums, 

piano, 

vocals, 

some acoustic guitar.

(uhh) It also has the fragile which is actually a pretty complex arrangement than the original 

(uhh) simplified down.

(uhh) And then there's also 

the title track and all that could have been, 

which is actually probably the best nine inch nail song I have ever heard that was actually released.

(uhh) I've heard a couple unreleased songs from the pretty hate machine time that were just awesome

but those don't really count considering they were never released

but (uhh) 

and all that could have been, 

live compilation, 

some (uhh) subtle, 

(stutter) some subtle remixes and remakes of some prior tracks as well as some new compositions. (uhh) 

Very good stuff.

(uhh) It will give you a good (uhh) 

crash course in the history of nine inch nails if you have never heard of them before, 

just go ahead and pick it up and listen through if you find things you like, find out what album it's from and there you go.