I'm here to present to you Man of the Year starring Robin Williams. 

(uhh) It also has the supporting characters of Lewis (stutter) Black and Christopher Walken (stutter) and Jeff Goldblum. 

But they're just the supporting characters the other two main characters 

Laura Linney and the guy that plays the evil face of delacorp, the company that 

(umm) 

the company that causes most of the conflict through this movie. 

Weren't really people I identified. 

So (uhh) if you're watching this for the comedy aspects, 

(uhh) it's kind of few and far between but they are funny I will say that, the, (stutter) whenever they try to be funny they are funny. 

But then there are just parts where it gets so dark and so dramatic that 

(umm) it just kinda overshadows any comedy that's there and just eventually becomes a straight 

(uhh) suspense drama you know. 

(umm) 

Like I had complete expectations of seeing Robin Williams (uhh) stand up. 

(uhh) I've seen some of the comedy works he done (uhh) classic tv shows he's done. 

But this movie is just (uhh) 

it's, 

it's kind of got a conflict of interest in the story. 

See the whole story behind this movie is, 

that Robin Williams plays a character named Tom Dobbs who has a politically charged 

(uhh) television show, a talk show. 

Where 

he'll (uhh) express his opinions obviously 

(uhh) much like (uhh) Jon Stewart of the Daily Show or Steve Colbert of the Colbert Report. 

But 

(uhh) he 

tongue in cheekingly 

(uhh) claims that he's going to 

run for president. 

And, 

and this is after an audience, 

(uhh) an audience member on one of his shows tells him to do this 

he decides to go through with it. 

So he does, he runs for president and he actually gets into the, 

into the into the (stutter) voting system. 

And (uhh) that's where the point is that earlier in the movie 

they showed there was a glitch in the voting system. 

That the movie is based around the idea that this company has created this voting system that will streamline voting making it easier 

for the for the (stutter) voter to just go in and just 

hit a few (stutter) buttons and their vote's counted. 

(uhh) But a glitch is discovered early on in the movie 

but instead of fixing it 

they create this big (uhh) this big conspiracy story to cover it up. 

(uhh) There are a lot of elements of that which is actually what ruined the movie for me is it took it away from the comedy and made it more of a (uhh) (uhh) (uhh) the seedy underbelly of, 

of politics which obviously we know is there, 

but I just, I just wanted something about politics that didn't present that for once that actually just gave you a a (stutter) here's a a (stutter) silly, 

tongue in cheek rendition of what would happen if a comedian became president 

here's the country now, 

you know. I mean some people think yeah but that would just be Idiocracy you know, which Mike Judge did that movie, but no, it wouldn't I mean Robin Williams has a lot of great points 

in his stand up his character also has a lot of great points which reflects. 

But 

just the direction they went with it just showed a lack of creativity 

and they just decided to go with the paranoia angle instead of the comedy angle, 

which I think they should have focused on. 

But 

(umm) 

the lengths that the company goes to, 

the company by the way with the 

unnamed face of 

I believe the character's name is Matthias played by Dan Murray who's the kind of the face of Delacorp that makes sure everything goes the, according to plan. 

And his (uhh) representatives played by Jeff Goldblum. 

So at least you get good actors out of it I mean Robin Williams, Lewis Black, Christopher Walken. 

(uhh) Which also brings in more (uhh) dramatic elements you know kind of 

Rocky Balboa ish you know, you know push this issue 

because I'm going through and you'll see this, you'll see this in the movie. 

(uhh) 

(uhh) Laura Linney Jeff Goldblum, 

(uhh) Delacorp employees and 

Dan Murray as Matthias playing the lead 

(uhh) face of Delacorp. 

But 

honestly 

this movie just does not measure up, I did not, I didn't like it. 

I liked the comedy elements I liked what he had to say I like how he handled the debate. 

But pretty much everything (uhh) 

every other character did other than Christopher Walken or Lewis Black I didn't like. 

(uhh) It was basically just a comedian's go, 

and have a good time and they make the movie enjoyable and then everybody else went in and mucked up the works.