I'm here today to review Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny. This is a film starring Jack Black and Kyle Gass, obviously, Tenacious D. (uhh) It's kind of an adaption of (uhh) how Tenacious D came to be. Like you saw the HBO specials of that showed how Tenacious D tried to handle things to get known and everything. But this is kind of a prequel to all that. It (uhh) it's said to take place (uhh) a year before the HBO specials and (uhh)

what happens is, Jack Black as a child leaves his home, runs away (uhh) to become a rock a rockstar rock god (umm) whatever you'd want to call it. And (uhh) he meets Kyle Gass along the way.

Who (uhh) is this amazing guitar player that plays, he's a street performer and (uhh) it kind of unfolds as they build a relationship together. (uhh) It's kind of shaky in the beginning. (uhh) Kyle Gass isn't exactly, well as he's called in the movie Cage, he's (uhh) he's not up front about himself and the way he is and (uhh) how he makes his living and everything. But (uhh) eventually

(umm) they form a bond and within this bond they find out about something called the pick of destiny. It's a pick that all the greats have used. (uhh) It's it (stutter) was the pick that caused them to be as great as they were (uhh) as as (stutter) was said in the movie. So they go on an adventure to find the pic and they meet a lot of strange characters along the way. (uhh) An old man that once had the pick is now kind of broken by the idea that he doesn't have it anymore and he's old so, very much broken himself as you'll see. And it also features Dave Grohl as Satan. So that's always fun. (uhh)

So Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny, it's really, it's really (stutter) stupid funny. Really goofy, a lot of swearing a lot of vulgarities. But (uhh) It it (stutter) if you can get past the vulgarities, it's actually a pure innocent flick. It's just a tale about about (stutter) (uhh) a man's journey to rock (uhh) with the help of someone he meets who he sees a lot of potential in. And it kind of unfolds on how they actually end up deciding to stick with each other, that's also kind of odd. But this is a good movie to pick up. If you're into

if you're into music, (stutter) It's a musical. You know, a story presented in song and it just kind of leads into (uhh) the other Tenacious D songs and the other Tenacious D shows so give it a watch.