Hey, how's it going? Today I'd like to talk to you about a certain movie that I saw a couple of weeks ago. I'm pretty sure you might have heard of it due to the controversy that it stirred in recent times, and it is called Three-Hundred. Three-Hundred is the story of this

Spartan king, (umm) Leonidas, who faces the

(stutter) oncoming onslaught of the Persian army led by Xerxes. 

What he can either do is surrender his land to Xerxes and become a warlord of the entire like Grecian territory, or he can like stand up and fight him. Naturally (umm) Leonidas, the king of Sparta, who were known for their warrior skills like wants to fight him and then he ends up at what this movie talks about is the battle scene that ensues between them. The specific battle is the battle of (umm) Thermopylae I believe, and basically

the (stutter) the my favorite parts of it were the actual battle scenes because if you've seen the battle scenes from The Lord of the Rings you know how like hardcore those are, and this is like basically that Lord of the Rings except pretty much all battle scenes. So that was really cool. Some people were complaining about the

fact that there wasn't that much plot in it. Personally that wasn't a factor for me because I wasn't really looking for really (uhh) in depth character (umm) analysis and really three dimensional characters. I was looking for really amazing graphics that 

had a like a lot of a (stutter) like glorious battle scenes and that definitely did have that. And you can tell like a lot of the things were green screen and, I mean, 

it just looked really cool, it's a really cool movie experience. Been in the war kind of genre. It's kind of bloody so if you're not interested in that I wouldn't recommend that but it was a great movie and (umm)

yeah. (uhh) Some controversy that I xxx is with the (uhh) Iranians and the fact that they portray (umm) Persians in a negative light, because Iranians are very proud of their Persian culture and they didn't feel that (umm)

Three-Hundred was making a good portrayal of them, and I suppose this is kind of true but it it (stutter) is also just a movie so if you don't think you'll be offended by anything like that then I could definitely recommend checking that out. (uhh) It's a great movie. Wouldn't recommend bringing kids. It's a lot of fun and (uhh) if you watch it I hope you enjoy it.