Hey, how you doing? I'm here now today to review this movie for you. This is Saving Private Ryan starring (uhh) Tom Hanks among others. A nice ensemble cast here. Ed Burns, Matt Demon. (umm) This is a world war two epic. You've got (uhh)

probably the best filmed

scene of the d-day landing on (uhh) Omaha and Utah beach ever put to film. Steven Spielberg, this was one of his triumphant moments, and he has a lot of them. 

(uhh) This was also one of the first DVDs

to come out, as I remember. When DVDs first came out this was an early one but it's still a really good, it's a good transfer. (uhh) It's (umm)

gripping, especially the action sequences. There's (uhh) there's a lot of them. A lot of shootouts. 

It follows the (uhh) path of some American soldiers as they (umm)

make their way into Europe and then ultimately find a special mission where they're supposed to go and find Private Ryan. Saving Private Ryan, the name of the movie. 

Private Ryan is played by Matt Damon and he is (uhh)

he's a soldier in Germany who has had all his other brothers were also in the war, but they were all killed. So the American high command decides to pull him back because it wouldn't be fair to his mom to (uhh) have them all be killed and he was definitely in the line of fire. So I won't tell you how it ends but (umm) 

(stutter) that's part of the story, the main, that's the crux of the story, gets a little cheesy at times. I think Tom Hanks is great in it, he really plays the role of a citizen soldier who is

viscerally torn by (uhh) by leading men into combat. Even though he's a great

individual troop commander he is (umm) he is suffering because his men are suffering and they're really his friends. It's hard for him to (uhh) separate that from (uhh) from being the commander. Often that, 

that's (stutter) the case with (umm) 

company commanders. I give (uhh) Saving Private Ryan five out of five. I think it's exemplary, one of the best war movies ever made despite the somewhat cheesy plot lines.