I'm going to be doing a review on Groundhog Day, starring Bill Murray. This I watch every groundhog day, just because

of you know, theme of the movie, but it's just so freaking cool. (uhh) Basically it's about a weatherman that has to go do a a (stutter) show (stutter) little thing for (stutter) the news station on the groundhog coming out, whether he'd see his shadow or not. And I guess he has done it for a few years, and he just doesn't want to do it this year so he goes into it just kind of like bored and blah, whatever.

And as he goes through the day all he wants to do is just get home, he (stutter) there's supposed to be a supposed blizzard coming. He doesn't think there's gonna be a blizzard, and which he says on the weather show before he goes on this trip

and so when he (uhh)

as the day's going through, you know, (stutter) at the end of the day they're on their way home and there's a blizzard coming. He's like nah, it's impossible, you know, for a blizzard to come. So they have to go back, he's got to stay the night in this, in this (stutter) town, 

and when he wakes up the morning

he hears the same song he heard the previous day, he's thinking okay, 

that's kind of odd, and then he hears the guys talking about it's going to be cold today and, and you know he's like okay and he, you know, it all sounds familiar. So when he gets outside he finds out wait,

it's groundhog day again? I got to give, you know, another interview on the groundhog? And so he's kind of confused like what's going on? So then, you know, he goes through it and he's just kind of lost, but as (stutter) the movie progresses (stutter) he finds out that every day he wakes up to the same day. Same song, same everything. So he tries to find different things to do throughout the day cause (stutter) he, you know, he feels like he's just trapped in this weird Twilight Zone type of world so what he does is he just he just (stutter) starts doing different things. It's a pretty cool movie, I love this movie. If you haven't seen it yet, 

go watch it. I give it a five out of five stars.