Hey, how you doing? My name is Roger. I want to tell you (stutter) a little bit about this movie called The Karate Kid III. Okay? Yes, that's right, part III. They have continued making these sequels to The Karate Kid. Now, the first movie was great. It had (umm) Pat Marita and Ralph Macchio, and it was Daniel-san and his sensei, Myagi, and it was about how they first met, how they (umm) fought, (umm) I mean, how he taught him how, Myagi taught Daniel how to do karate.

The second one was, you know, took it down the next road, where they went to, back to (umm) Okinawa and, you know, (umm) Myagi, they got hooked up in some kind of feud. Well, the third one here (umm) with the same characters, which is good because it has the same exact characters, it just keeps going on and on, (umm) it talks about this feud. Now Myagi and Daniel are kind of on opposite ends. (umm) Daniel wants Myagi to help him get ready for a tournament and (umm) Myagi doesn't want to do it. So it's it's (stutter) about them being on opposite ends. And the guy who Daniel ended up going to is an old nemesis of Myagi's, and so you got that drama there. Okay?

But it's just it's just (stutter) not as good as the originals. (umm) the original Karate Kid. But I'll tell you, I mean, if you're watching them, you might as well go ahead and see the, you know, all of the Karate Kids as they go into it. But it is (umm) you know, it does star the same people. It is rated PG because it's dealing with fighting and karate and things like that. But it's it's it's (stutter) worth just taking a look if there's no other thing out there to watch and you've, you (stutter) get the whole set. Okay? Just so you can kind of see it.

But, like I said, the farther down you go on the sequels, they don't quite get as good as the first one was. But (uhh) The Karate Kid III, starring, (umm) you know, Ralph Macchio and Pat Marita, (umm) go take a look at it if you wanted to move, keep on moving down The Karate Kid road. Okay. Thanks.