Hello again. This is the Derek, this time with another DVD review 

and this one is one of (uhh) I mean come on if you were ever a teenage boy or (uhh) in the eighties or nineties or even nowadays, 

every party has a little (stutter) bit of a nerd, you will love Rush, 

the rock band Rush. This is a concert (uhh) DVD that came out. 

It's a double disk (uhh) Rush R30, so their thirtieth anniversary world tour, 

has a DVD one is one entire huge concert live that pretty well plays 

every one of their hits (uhh) including most of the twenty-one twelve (uhh) over (uhh) their (stutter) (uhh) to (umm) all some some (stutter) new ones like earthshine. 

(uhh) spanning thirty years of their career of such a phenomenal band (uhh) that, that (stutter) really is more influential to rock (uhh) and than than (stutter)

so many other bands out there, I mean there are still going today.

(umm) The second disk has a bunch of interviews with them, it has a vault of other, you know, music videos and some more live performances.

But one of the special things for this whole box set is really when you open it up, 

it has such a beautiful presentation to any fan 

that shows you (uhh) a retrospective of the the years, has a (uhh) a live CD over here so you can listen to the live concert in your car, 

has the two disks, 

it also has (umm) some (uhh) autographed (uhh) guitar picks. They are not really autographed by they have their signatures on them from Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson 

and also has a (uhh) great little booklet of photos with 

(uhh) 

other 

trinkets it thrown in like stickers, (uhh) (stutter) and a replica of a backstage pass 

so you can pretend that you were ever at one of these concerts.

It's a great (uhh) box set, amazingly good sound, (uhh) lots of easter eggs on here, they even say on the back good luck finding them,

but I can't recommend it better if you are a fan to listen to one of their greater concerts that they have put on a long time in adobe five point one audio. 

I definitely pick it up if you are a fan, if you just are a kid today and want to know what a great rock band out there is still living and, and working and breathing sounds like you know, pick it up and check it out.

Thank you.