This is a fantasy story

that has been collected into one collection here for us

thanks to (umm) Bandai's (uhh) cheap releases and the anime anime (stutter) legends collection we get the Scrapped Princess. 

This is about Pacifica Cassul, she's right here, she's a girl with a destiny

and it is rumored that she is called the scrapped princess. 

A girl, 

who according to prophecy, is going to destroy the world. How she will destroy the world? Why she will destroy the world? She doesn't know, she's simply a sixteen year old girl that

loves her (umm) brother and sister who basically adopted her because she doesn't know her parents and (uhh) 

they travel trying to (uhh) escape these rumors that keep following them and people want to kill her and no one really seems to know why.

It's just a legend that the scrapped princess will make the (uhh) world come to an end and she's apparently the chosen one and she doesn't know why. 

So, 

that's basically the basis of the whole story and it's a fast xxx one as events become to unfurrow and pieces of the puzzle start to come together. 

(umm) It's beautifully animated. (umhh) The animations are absolutely gorgeous and the English sub is surprisingly good too.

(umm) You do get the (uhh) English subs and the (umm) Japanese (uhh) original language with the English subtitles. 

(uhh) You get a few extras (uhh) not much it's just the textless opening and textless ending

for those of you who like to watch those and (uhh) it's just presented in here in a way in a way that was originally released. You get all the discs. 

I do not believe they have been altered in anyway. They look the same on the first on the first four individual volumes before getting this collection and the discs look exactly the same so I don't really think Bandai did much other then just repackage it in this great collection for it to be cheaper so

this is Scrapped Princess. The MSRP is about thirty-nine ninety-nine and can be found much cheaper online because it is a wonderful story 

especially for people looking for (umm) 

an anime with some fantasy to it. 

It doesn't seem to be a lot out there these days. This one definitely has a fantasy twist and some really great memorable characters and I will mention that (uhh) 

Christian Freeman does the voice of her brother, Shannon and he is fantastic in the role. 

He's he's (stutter) terrific so if you're a Christian fan, if you're following him, you definitely need to pick this up. And (uhh) even if you're just looking for a great anime with a great story, 

Scrapped Princess has it for you. 

I give it a five out of five stars.