Hello. (uhh) Today we've got Letter from Iwo Jima here 

and this a wonderful HD-DVD. This is the second part of the other one I was, I did, Flags of Our Fathers review. (uhh) I say second part because these two movies go hand in hand, this is like a companion piece to that film. (umm)

But (uhh) it's a great HD-DVD and it's also a better film than the actual, than Flags of Our Fathers but (uhh) both of them are worth seeing, both of them are worth picking or renting to see what you think of them. (uhh) This is, 

it's from the same director, from Clint Eastwood, it came out the same year, they were filmed back to back. And this one instead of focusing on the American perspective of the Battle of Iwo Jima this (uhh) focuses on the Japanese perspective and the entire film's in Japanese and (uhh) there's not really that many American cast members in it. (uhh) Then you know there's a few but there's not really any, and none of them are from Flags of our Fathers.

(umm) But it's rated R for graphic war violence and that's about it. There's really no cursing in it and there's no, you know, it's really just blood and stuff. But (uhh) the film is fantastic, (uhh) it has some great, great uh (stutter) you know performances in there from Ken Watanabe, he's the best

(uhh) in the picture. (umm) 

But really it's just really worth checking out. (uhh) Watch Flags of Our Fathers first because it's kind of more interesting to see how, you know, the winning side first and then see the losing side and what they had to go through. (uhh) You definitely feel for all the characters and (umm) but (uhh) really, you know, there's nothing, there's nothing (stutter) to complain about this film, I really enjoy it. It also got nominated for (uhh) best picture. It didn't win but it got nominated, 

it's certainly an honor. And (umm) and (uhh) the the (stutter) for the HD-DVD it's a combo disc (uhh) so you flip it over you can use it on a regular (umm)

DVD player. And (umm) the the (stutter) one side, the actual DVD version, doesn't have any special features except for a few previews. But (uhh) this has (uhh) on the HD-DVD side there are a lot of special features on there. (umm)

Actually from the two disc DVD version, not this version. But (uhh) this version has those special features in HD (umm) and it's very much worth checking out and I definitely say pick both of them up and (uhh) really it's just probably also one of my favorite films of two-thousand-six along with Children of Men 

and Pan's Labyrinth. So (uhh) definitely, definitely try and check this movie out cause it's you won't regret it and it's definitely worth seeing. 

So yeah.