This is volume three of Paradise Kiss. 

xxx And (uhh) this was a wonderful anime series. 

And (umm) 

just to give you 

an update cuz I'm sure if you're interested in volume three you've probably seen one and two as well. 

And (umm) 

even if you were stalling at the end of two and willing to go ahead and finish it off 

definitely need to see how this ends cuz it is very intriguing series. 

Paradise Kids is about (uhh) 

this group of (umm) motley teenagers 

(umm) from high school and they are starting a 

(umm) designer label they want to make clothes. 

And (umm) 

you get a very varied (umm) group of people there is a punk rocker and his girlfriend 

who is very (umm) girlish but (umm) her sister 

actually runs (uhh) a major fashion label. 

Then of course there's George who becomes one of the 

main characters and 

(uhh) 

the seducer of Yukari.

And Yukari is the main character and she kind of falls in with these people 

as they had spot her on the street and decide that she should be the model for their clothes. 

And she has never really thought about doing anything like that before. 

It's never occurred to her. 

A lot of thing in her life has been studying and trying to 

achieve going to college which is what her mother wished for her. 

But (uhh) 

and when she meets people of paradise kiss, 

(uhh) things begin to change, she gets wrapped up in romance and different friendships. 

And (uhh) her whole world goes topsy turvy and (uhh) 

she starts making decisions for her own whether they're for her own good or not. 

And (uhh) this continues that you'll see her progress as being 

just (uhh) a very lame 

girl.

That (uhh) 

just studies all the time very studious into becoming a model because the transformation really happened here. 

And also the direction and the lives

of these characters that you've been following

from the previous two volumes.

Now if you haven't seen the anime before,

it's very beautifully done and very unique

style. Is (uhh)

very lean looking characters

and is done by the (uhh)

character designer for xxx

one thing that's very noticeable is that the

facial expressions in anime are usually just lip flaps

and some occasional eye movements and

these characters are very expressive in the face. So you're really pulled into their emotions because of that.

It also has a very good opening and ending song.

And (uhh) the colors in this anime are very dark.

Kind of dark hued it gives it kind of a forboding

mysterious feel, lots of golds,

deep purples, dark blues.

And it it (stutter) really helps color this world (uhh) a little darker 

than you normally see. It's a very serious story, 

is not slapstick it's not humor. 

It's all drama and it's all very realistic.

So if that's what you're looking for in anime

Paradise Kiss is gonna deliver it for you.

This is volume three

and retails for about twenty-four ninety-five.

It is an excellent anime to add to your collection.

I highly recommend it, it's one of my favorites and I would give it five out of five stars for Paradise Kiss.