Hi, my name is Nulan and today I will be reviewing for you the movie Hot Fuzz, which is currently in theaters. (umm) Hot Fuzz is a movie which is (uhh) which stars (uhh) Simon Pegg in (uhh) kind of a lead role you could say. (umm) Simon Pegg is basically a police officer and (uhh)

he's (uhh) a one guy who's (uhh) who's kind of tops at everything. So, I mean he goes through the best (stutter) at academy and the police and (uhh) he he (stutter) has the top slot, top grades in his (uhh) police training and all that stuff. So he's a really good officer, a really sharp officer, and (uhh) 

basically the movie starts with showing him as the ultimate guy and (uhh) he's reporting to his chief and the chief (uhh) transfers transfers (stutter) him to (uhh) an old village because (uhh)

basically (uhh)

basically the movie starts off with this guy in London but his chief transfers him to

a village in, a remote village named Sandford. So 

that's how the movie starts and (uhh) basically the transfer is because (uhh) all the other police officers in (uhh) London are (stutter) beginning to look really bad because this guy, because he's so good. So anyway he's transferred to Sandford and (uhh)

he ends up into a case of, he ends up into a murder mystery kind of a case. But the police over there do not consider it to be murder. They all think that it's an accident always, so that pisses him off and (uhh) he goes into 

kind of a big mystery and stuff. So aside that basically a story outline of the whole thing, but that's not what I want to convey here. What I basically want to convey here is that it's a very funny movie. I mean it's (uhh), it's one of its own types, I mean a very unique, I haven't seen anything like this before because (uhh)

it's it's (stutter) kind of weird the kind of action they put in, but (uhh) I mean it, I mean the action is funny too so everything in the movie is funny and (uhh) the whole humor in the

movie is depicted very well, so it's an excellent, very well directed, very well made movie and (uhh) highly recommend it. I I (stutter) just love the movie so I rate it five out of five and I recommend that you should watch it in theaters so that's all. Well I'm Nulan xxx, today I was reviewing for you the in theaters movie Hot Fuzz.