Hey ExpoTV, how are you doing today? I'm going to review one of my favorite movies of all time, this is Heat. It is a Michael Mann film, and it has two of the greatest actors of all time playing on the (uhh) same movie: Al Pacino and Robert De Niro. This is your average cops-and-robbers film, but it's not so average. I believe it's one of the best, if not the best, cops-and-robbers good guy-bad buy film of all time. Al Pacino plays a detective and Robert De Niro plays the (uhh) bad guy who is doing all these heists. And it is a great movie, a little long, three hours, but it definitely packs a punch. 

Supporting cast is great. You have Tom Sizemore, Jon Voight, Ashley Judd, Natalie Portman. Dennis Haysbert makes a small role in here. You all know him from the Allstate commercials and for being the ex-president on twenty four. Overall, I would give this movie a five out of five. Definitely watch this movie multiple times. I was first brought to this movie when I was at film camp from North Carolina School of the Arts. We were supposed to watch Bridge on the River Kwai. Our TA instead let us show Heat. I'm glad he did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies.

And this right here is the two-disc special edition. It came out about two years ago in two thousand five. ten years after the movie was released in theaters. And you get a lot of special features on the movie. You have eleven additional scenes, five new making documentaries. (uhh) They were, they go back to L.A. There (stutter) are shooting locations. It talks about the script, how it was developed, how it became Heat. And basically, it actually has Al Pacino and De Niro. There's a famous scene where they meet in the coffee shop. 

A lot of rumors swirling around the Internet that Pacino and De Niro were there on different days, they were not actually there filming at the same time. But, believe it or not, that rumor is actually dispelled. They were, believe it or not, Pacino and De Niro, rivals, together in one scene at the same time.

Definitely a great film. If you have not seen this, I highly recommend this. A lot for the guys, definitely want to pick this up. Great action film. Great heist scene. I'm sure you all remember Dane Cook talking about this. {noise} Where's the van? {noise} you know in his comedy thing. Definitely a great movie.

This is Heat.