Hello, my name is Nulan and (uhh) today I will be reviewing for you the movie Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle which is on DVD. So 

Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle is the second part of a movie which was initially released as Charlie's Angels. So this movie also, 

the (stutter) I mean the second part of Charlie's Angels also (uhh) had the same (uhh)

three actresses: Lucy Liu, Drew Barrymore, and Cameron Diaz. So the whole movie's about these three girls who are a part of (uhh) 

who are the basic (umm), you know, (uhh) part of (uhh) 

a team which saves the world always so this time around, I mean, and and (stutter) it basically like they work for Charlie who operates through a guy named Bosley. And I mean (uhh) Bosley meets the Charlie's Angels and Bosley's kind of the interface between (uhh) Charlie and the Charlie's Angels. So this time around the interesting part is that there's (umm) 

(uhh) a different (uhh) mission on hand, it's about (uhh) a list of people, a list of (uhh) hotshot people, and (uhh) that list is in danger and that's not good for the country so (umm), 

you know, the angels go out in search of those so 

there's a twist to the whole story and I I (stutter) don't think I should mention it on the 

review because that would spoil the whole movie 

so I think you should go ahead and watch the movie and find out the whole twist of the movie. (uhh) 

The other interesting thing about the movie is that (uhh) as (uhh) was in the previous (umm)

Charlie's Angels movie the whole moves are always (uhh) defying 

physics laws and (uhh) 

that's not very nice thing I I (stutter) like. I mean I I (stutter) don't like it personally, so (stutter) but if you're one of those who likes excessive use of invisible ropes (uhh) you want to watch this movie. I did not like that one aspect of this movie so apart from that the acting is mediocre, nothing special. (uhh) The whole

story outline is, again, mediocre. Nothing too special in any of these. I think (uhh) a bit of (uhh) comedy is (uhh) 

(umm) good in the form of (uhh) Lucy Liu's dad. (uhh) Dad's (uhh) appearance a very small stint and (uhh) that's kind of funny part of the movie but that's about it. So I rate this movie (stutter) around between two or three out of five. And (uhh) unless you really, really like invisible ropes I do not recommend that you watch it. So that's all. I'm Nulan xxx. I was reviewing for you Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle. Thank you.