Hi this is a review of the DVD movie Stomp the Yard widescreen. 

(umm) It came out just a couple weeks ago 

to rent 

on DVD and (umm) 

(uhh) this movie 

is about (uhh) 

a group of people 

(umm) that basically I don't know they, it's not really breakdancing it's it's (stutter) kind of different, (uhh) the movie covers a lot of stepping and (uhh) I don't know. This movie was okay. (umm) 

But to me like it seemed like the focus was just way too much on the dancing (umm) hence the title Stomp the Yard and the previews obviously had a lot of dancing so (uhh) I don't know what I was expecting but I thought it would be something a little bit different but (umm) 

(uhh) For me I guess I just really wasn't educated on the culture enough to really know what was going on there was a lot of stuff that was confusing or I didn't even think was very cool 

in this movie and didn't make sense. 

(umm) I don't know the dancing is really weird and it's it's (stutter) intense. (umm) 

But there's just not enough not enough (stutter) plot tied in with it and it's too like, just predictable and 

you know, it's exactly what you'd expect in the plot and I think they should've focused more on (uhh) the dialogue and the plot in this movie than the dancing. So (stutter) this movie review is to me, you know, because I wasn't really into the whole dancing which was the focus of it I didn't really like it but if you're into like stepping and like, (umm) 

just kind of like the dance art form 

then you'd probably appreciate this movie more as there's a lot of street styles and other stuff in it. 

(umm) The movie is PG-thirteen and 

it is 

(umm) you know, it's got high definition audio and it's it's (stutter) a hundred and fourteen minutes, it's just short of two hours. (umm) 

It does a pretty decent job of keeping your attention for the time spent but and like I said you know just other than the dancing it's just an okay movie the acting's okay, there's not really anything that surprised me, it's just (uhh) 

you know, a guy meets a girl type thing after he gets out of some trouble and people don't want him to be with that girl and she already has a boyfriend and then. Stuff like that I won't ruin the ending or anything but (umm)

it's okay so I would just give it two or three stars 

out of five.