I will be reviewing the (uhh) special edition of Groundhog Day starring (uhh) Andie MacDowell and Bill Murray.

(uhh) This is 

probably one of my favorite movies and definitely my favorite comedy, you know, that I own. 

Groundhog Day, for those of you who don't know, Bill Murray plays a very jaded you know, a very cynical (uhh) weatherman 

who is sent to, you know, 

his most (stutter) hated assignment, which is you know, covering xxx, the groundhog day to see whether he sees his shadow or not.

And he goes today, it's a horrible day and there's a snowstorm so he can't leave the town so you know, he stays in the same place he stayed and when he gets up the next morning,

it's groundhog day again and you know the whole day just completely repeats itself, you know, he's kinda think he's going nuts and you know it just keeps happening over and over again even if he, 

you know, happens to die during the day, he literally just wakes back up and you know that same morning, (uhh) over and over again.

(umm) You know throughout he, you know the love interest, Andie MacDowell, falls in love (stutter) continually tries, 

you know, to get into the bed, you know, although he only has an actual day to do it because he keeps starting over. 

I mean honestly, it's just a really, really well made movie, it's definitely (uhh) Bill Murray, you know, at one of his best and most comical roles. His his (stutter) performance is absolutely hilarious, you know, 

the different emotions. It kinda follows, you know, the (uhh) you know five stages of death, you know, where you have to denial 

and you know, anger, and you know finally at the end acceptance. (umm) This is an all around great movie and you know, it does have a bit of (uhh), you know, philosophical vibe to it, you know, as far as, you know, should approach life but it doesn't really take itself too, too (stutter) seriously.

(umm) The disk itself isn't bad, 

it's got an audio commentary by the director, 

you know, a documentary called the wait of time which is pretty cool, you know, some theatrical trailers 

and (umm) photographies, and that's really about it, there's not a whole, whole lot here but really, (uhh)

this is the only version of the movie that I have ever seen and I just wanted the movie really,

really badly, you know, the extras are kind of

icing on a cake. (umm) 

Definitely get this movie if you don't have it.