I'll be reviewing (uhh) Queen of the Damned. 

This movie is based of (uhh) Anne Rice's 

vampire chronicles. 

(uhh) It's basically about 

Aliyah who plays the queen of the vampires who is, you know basically 

brought back into modern world after you know being in hibernation basically by (uhh) Lestat 

who is Anne Rice's kind of antihero who is now become 

a (uhh) rock goth you know, rock star who basically you know, 

brings her back. Area to consciousness through you know his attraction to him. 

And basically you know she wants to you know take over the world and all that other kinda stuff for vampires. 

(uhh) It's a pretty forgettable movie honestly you know it's got a really heavy grunge soundtrack the movie kinda fits in its (stutter) shot 

you know very slickly. You know trying to be just very uber cool to the point where it's almost just kind of goofy. 

It's kind of overdoes it in a lot a lot (stutter) of ways. 

You know Aliyah is you know a decent performer, Stuart Townsend is kind of pretty (uhh) you know Brad Pitt did a lot better job playing Lestat. 

In (uhh) interview with the vampire. 

(uhh) Than she does here, 

I mean than (uhh) Stuart Townsend does here. 

But the DVD itself you know if you're a fan of the movie is (uhh) you know pretty complete. It's got audio commentaries, directors and special you know (uhh) 

documentaries on special effects. 

It's got music videos for some of the songs. {cough} You know that are used and saw in the movie. 

And like I said it's (uhh) 

it's a pretty decent collection you know for this movie if you're a fan of Anne Rice you know and her particular interpretation of vampires which 

personally I think just kind of ruined the whole mythos you know vampires in general making them too I guess, 

gothic and you know upper class and emo and that kind of thing. I thought it kinda ruined you know the whole horror aspect of vampires but 

that's that's (stutter) a personal opinion you know if you're a fan of Anne Rice and you're a fan of the whole goth version of vampires then you know then you'll you'll (stutter) probably like this movie.