I'll be reviewing the (umm) DVD version of Reign of Fire, starring Matthew McConaughey and Christian Bale, with Christian Bale giving probably the worst performance of his career as far as I'm concerned.

I don't rate this movie

very highly. I think it's pretty hokey and pretty much a pretty forgettable throwaway (uhh) action movie.

(uhh) If you don't know what it's about

(uhh) it's kind of the excavation of a new tunnel in (uhh) in England
uncovers an egg of a dragon which hatches and manages to breed by itself creating a world of, of dragons and basically annihilates most of (uhh) human society as they burn scorch the earth and you know and feed on the ash kind of thing. But there's you know, a rag tag

groups of survivors you know, trying to fight the (stutters) the dragons and survive and 

(uhh) Christian Bale plays one of the survivors. Matthew McConaughey plays a American group of survivors kind of show up and the two of em

basically have kind of a dominance leadership fight, while trying to fight the dragons. You know this movie is basically (stutter) designed simply around having, trying to have cool action sequences between modern jet fighters and 

(uhh) and ancient you know medieval era dragons 

and unfortunately a lot of the plot and character gets lost, you know ii that emphasis. It's just overall not a great movie. You know it's really good if you're just looking for something different or you're a huge fan of dragons, but otherwise it's honestly pretty forget (stutter) forgettable. 

The special feature includes, what you'd usually see in you know, a mid level type DVD like this, you know. It has a documentary on the special effects,

you know the trailers. 

Doesn't actually have a commentary track but it has what it calls a conversation with the director, which is basically you know, a pretty short short interview that doesn't really, you know, say that much about 

the direction because honestly there

there wasn't really much that focus on the direction in the first place you know. It's about pretty pretty average, like in general. 

(uhh) But you know, like I said, if you like action movies you know, pretty B rated action movies or if you're a big fan of dragons, maybe it's worth seeing. Otherwise it's it's (stutter) pretty forgettable. Just a rental.