Hi, I'm Corey, and this is a review of the movie Pirates of the Caribbean:

At World's End. (umm) 

(uhh) This is a movie, it's the third installment of the Pirates of the Caribbean series. 

(umm) You know, it's got Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom, and (uhh) 

I'll be honest, I I (stutter) really couldn't hardly stand the movie. (umm) 

I watched the second movie, the Pirates of the Caribbean, and 

didn't care a whole lot for that. 

Thought the first one was pretty good, the second one was okay, 

but it started getting a little confusing, and 

what I probably should have done before I went and watched the third was maybe re-watch one and two, 

because by the time this third one came out, At World's End, I was so confused 

(uhh) during the entire movie. I felt like I honestly didn't have a clue what was going on. 

(umm) 

(stutter) Without telling you the whole story, I honestly fell asleep through part of it. It was just, 

just (stutter) drug on, it was super long. It was almost three hours, or maybe right at three hours, 

it just went on and on and it just wasn't (uhh) just wasn't that great in my opinion.

(umm) 

You know, some of the action scenes were okay and the special effects I guess were good but, you know, we've been so inundated with these special effects and things, that 

any more of that doesn't really sell a movie for me. 

(umm) And then at the end, you know you kinda think, well maybe this will be the last movie. At the end, they kinda keep you thinking, well maybe there's gonna be something else after, 

after this movie as well. 

(umm) So basically it's you know Orlando Bloom's character kind of gets wrapped up and he's trying to save his dad, and, 

and (uhh), 

you know, if you've seen the other two, you kinda probably have an idea of how the story goes, 

but there's all these stories behind the the main story, and 

just really confusing as to who's who and what's what and all the different names and characters and things 

and the plot twists and all this stuff, and so 

it turns out Orlando Bloom basically end up (uhh) 

giving his soul up so that he can (uhh) try to save his dad, and 

you know he's gotta roam the (uhh) the seas for a hundred years, and 

(uhh) 

or ten years, I guess it was, and so now he has to wait for (uhh) his (uhh) 

wife ad they got married in the middle of this thing, and now she's got a kid, and then they have to wait for the 

dad to come home, and at the end he comes back and it just, 

I just couldn't hardly stand the movie. It was just too long, too involved, too complex, and then you know they kind of left you hanging at the end 

(uhh) to wonder what's going on, so 

my opinion, if you wanna see it, 

(uhh) just wait 'til it comes out on (stutter) DVD (uhh) don't got to the movie, 

and (uhh) maybe watch the whole series again or maybe watch it all in order and it would make probably more sense that way, 

and maybe rewind and catch some of the things they say and things, but 

like I say, to me it just was not a good movie, and (uhh) I was highly disappointed, 

especially after all the hype that it had. So, 

that's my review. 

(uhh) Sorry if you don't like it, but that's how I feel about it, so that's my review of the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.