Oh I don't wanna play. Winning's too hard. We're so good everybody wants us to win state. Yeah, well that's what they sound like in the movie with Billy Bob Thornton, Friday Night Lights. It's about Odessa Permia. I don't know if if (stutter) anybody watches, follows Texas football. Back in the early nineties Odessa Permia was, they're like the hot shots back when North Mesquite Stallions, Odessa Permia, that's what this is about except this was before the Stallions were awesome. This is back when (uhh) it was actually (uhh) Mesquite Carter, I think is what it was. But 

I don't know. I am not a, personally I am a all-state athlete so I,

I don't understand this whole "everybody wants us to win, it's so hard" that I don't I don't, I don't (stutter) get it when people complain about stuff like that. But 

it's a decent movie. 

(uhh) I think it, I think it (stutter) spends too much time talking about the problems they have. It's not enough football. I was, 

when I saw this I thought it's like "oh man, it's going to be a great movie cause it's gonna be about a great football team who had a great season." (umm)

No, it's not about that. And actually it's kind of funny (uhh) not many people know their story and they actually lost in that state championship football game so it really wouldn't have surprised me when they lost cause I knew that was coming. But overall

bad movie just from the simple fact that wasn't a lot of football, but if you're watching it because you want to see a drama of what it's like to see, you know, high school kids pushed to the limit for a sport, you know, and it breaks them down and, you know, even the reality of all some kids can do is play football and if they get hurt, you know, and they can't go play college they're pretty much stuck, you know, in that small Odessa town doing nothing and

that's kind of sad, and I don't want to know about that stuff, because I know it exists but no reason to see it. So Friday Night Lights, one out of five. 

See it if you need to.