Hi, today I will be reviewing the movie three hundred which came out in theater like a couple months ago.

I know it's a really old movie (umm) but it's still in theaters.(umm) It should be coming out on DVD soon. (umm) 

It's a very very good movie. Three hundred is about three hundred men 

the battle of the xxx (umm) which is like a little history thing (umm) a lot of people running (umm) world history (umm) battle of the xxx three hundred men has to take on 

massive like Persian empire and overall they (umm) they they (stutter) dramatize it a lot, (umm) there's a special throughout the movie there's a special like film filter that makes it look really dark and gritty and (umm)

it's very violent it's very violent (stutter) but it's like fake violence you know fake bloody violence it's not that bad (umm) 

it's very stylized so that's grotesque and overall the movie is really good (umm) there's, there's a bunch of one liners (umm) 

the story is very 

there's not a very big twist in the story if you read the history book and you know how it is that's how the movie goes (umm) 

bunch of big men really strong, really ripped, and they battle all these Persians and it's very exciting (umm) it's definitely a different 

different (stutter) feel than most action film this is a action war movie and 

(umm) overall I give it like a four and a half to five stars. It's a really really movie. I highly recommend it. 

(umm) There's not much story but (umm) the action is there I mean people watch the action, people watch the fighting and everything is there, the whole completely package and it looks really good.

(umm) The style the film of the (stutter) movie looks really good and they really bring

bring (stutter) the (umm) history books to life basically and whether or not like everything that happened in the movie happened in real life that's another question (umm) 

I think there's Discovery channels specials for that 

(umm) or history channels special for that but overall it's a really good movie. I give it a four and a half to five stars. I highly recommend you go watch it 

or when it (stutter) comes out in DVD soon you should definitely buy it on DVD. Thank You.