Hi. Today I'll be reviewing the movie Live Free or Die Hard, which just just (stutter) came out a couple of days ago while I'm reviewing this (umm). 

Basically, the the (stutter) fourth movie in the Die Hard series, The Die Hard Trilogy. It used to be a trilogy. Now, it's (uhh) four movies (umm) starring Bruce Willis, and this is (umm) talks about the story of John McClain, (uhh) NYPD Cop, now he's a detective. He's not a cop anymore. (umm) And going through all these action sequences and getting into all this trouble, I mean it's really, really action packed. The movie is around, I think two to two and a half hours long, (umm) and every minute of it is action. Just a lot of action. If you love action, this is a lot of explosions, a lot of stuff crashing, a lot of helicopters, a lot of gunfire, everything. This movie is a lot of fighting. This movie has everything. Every moment is action packed. (uhh) Basically, it goes through (umm), 

premise of the story is, there's this computer hacker (umm) who is trying to (uhh) like bring end of days armageddon to the United States by hacking into all like, the transportation systems, banking systems, air traffic, everything. Hacking (stutter) them and shutting them all down. The electrical systems, natural gas, heating, everything, and shutting it down. Basically, with America running on (stutter) computers, everything is run by computers. He, by way by way (stutter) of just hacking into them and shutting them down, he shut down America, basically. It's a new form of (umm) electronic (uhh) internet terrorism stuff. And here's John McClain. He's trying to (uhh) stop them. 

And if you've seen the commercials, they probably captured his daughter and he has to go rescue his daughter also. So it's like a personal vendetta thing and overall it's very action packed. Highly recommend this. Five stars out of five. It's a really, really good movie, (uhh) and it's pretty good story too. It's not just action only. Blow up the bad guy. Kill the bad guy. It's a good story to it (uhh).

There's a lot of action. Every moment of it. Must have cost them hundreds of millions of dollars to make. (umm) It's a very, it's a feast for the eyes. It's a very good movie, and I highly recommend it. If (stutter) especially if you liked the previous three Die Hards Die Hards (stutter), (umm) this fourth one does not disappoint at all. So I give it five out of five stars. I highly recommend you go watch Live Free or Die Hard. Thank you.