As someone who has worked with many museums, I was eager to visit this gallery on my most recent trip to Las Vegas.
When I saw they would be showing infamous eggs of the House of Faberge from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts (VMFA), I knew I had to go!
Tucked away near the gelateria and the garden, the Gallery is pretty much hidden from view.
It's what real estate agents would call "cozy" or "charming" - basically any euphemism for small.
That being said, you can still see wonderful art at a gallery of any size, so why the two *s you ask?
Let me tell you:

* pricing for this, while relatively inexpensive for a Las Vegas attraction, is completely over the top.
For the space and the amount of art you can fit in there, it is a bit much.
* it's not kid friendly at all.
Seriously, don't bring them.
* the security is not trained properly for the show.
When the curating and design teams collaborate for exhibitions, there is a definite flow.
That means visitors should view the art in a certain sequence, whether it be by historical period or cultural significance (this is how audio guides are usually developed).
When I arrived in the gallery I could not tell where to start, and security was certainly not helpful.
I was told to "just look around" and "do whatever."
At such a *fine* institution, I find the lack of knowledge and respect for the art appalling.
I am actually horrified this place is still in business.
My 3 year old son needed a haircut this past summer and the lure of the $7 kids cut signs got me in the door.
We had to wait a few minutes as both stylists were working on people.
The decor in this place is total garbage.
It is so tacky.
The sofa they had at the time was a pleather sofa with giant holes in it.
And my son noticed ants crawling all over the floor and the furniture.
It was disgusting and I should have walked out then.
Actually, I should have turned around and walked out upon entering but I didn't.
So the older black male stylist finishes the haircut he was doing and it's our turn.
I tell him I want a #2 clipper around the back and sides and then hand cut the top into a standard boys cut.
Really freaking simple, right?
WRONG!
Rather than use the clippers and go up to actually cut the hair, he went down.
Using it moving downward doesn't cut hair, it just rubs against it.
How does this man who has an alleged cosmetology license not know how to use a set of freaking clippers???
I realized almost immediately that he had no idea what he was doing.
No idea at all.
After about 10 minutes of watching this guy stumble through it, I said "you know what?
That's fine.
", paid and left.
All I wanted to do was get out of that scummy joint and take my son to a real haircut place.
Bottom line: DO NOT GO HERE.
RUN THE OTHER WAY!!!!
!
I love Deagan's.
I do.
I really do.
The atmosphere is cozy and festive.
The shrimp tacos and house fries are my standbys.
The fries are sometimes good and sometimes great, and the spicy dipping sauce they come with is to die for.
The beer list is amazing and the cocktails are great.
The prices are mid-level, so it's not a cheap dive you can go to every week, but rather a treat when you do.
Try it out.
You won't be disappointed!
Dismal, lukewarm, defrosted-tasting "TexMex" glop;

Mumbly, unengaged waiter;

Clueless manager, who seeing us with barely nibbled entrees
on plates shoved forward for pickup, thanked us
perfunctorily for our patronage;

We're from the Texas Hill Country;
down there, we jail critters 
who serve up grub this bad,
for their own protection.
Never, never, NEVER again
(Back to Yard House for real food)
Oh happy day, finally have a Canes near my casa.
Yes just as others are griping about the Drive thru is packed just like most of the other canes in the area but I like to go sit down to enjoy my chicken.
The cashiers are pleasant and as far as food wise i have yet to receive any funky chicken.
The clean up crew zips around the dining area constantly so it's usually well kept.
My only gripe is the one fella with Red hair he makes the rounds while cleaning but no smile or personality a few nights ago he tossed the napkins i just put on the table to help go with my meal.
After I was done he just reached for my tray no "excuse me or are you done with that?"
I realize he's trying to do his job quickly but a little table manners goes along way.
That being said still like to grub here and glad that there's finally a Cane's close to me.
This is definitely my favorite fast food sub shop.
Ingredients are everything, and everything I see and taste here tells me that they're using top-grade fresh ingredients.
The brisket sandwich is probably my favorite... and it's the one my wife ALWAYS gets.
Unlike her, I often bounce around the menu to try different things.
Definitely a step up from Subway, Quiznos, Jimmy Johns, etc in my opinion.
As with all of my reviews, I grade each place relative to what I perceive to be its peers - so five star compared to them.
Really good place with simple decor, amazing food and great hospitality.
Very impressed with the lunch portion.
Although service took little extra time but I have no complaints since they are quite new in business.
The green curry chicken was good and to the right spice balance I asked for.
I will definitely recommend this place to others.
Awesome office and staff, very professional and friendly.
I saw Adam Garling PA-C and his assistant, they were very friendly, professional, and helpful.
I highly recommend Centennial Dermatology!
I will definitely return for more visits.
Most delicious authentic Italian I've had in the US.
You wouldn't leave this place unhappy.
The setting is cozy and a perfect spot for VD, anniversaries, or a special date.
They'll make you feel like you're in Italy.
I have been here twice.
Very nice and laid back.
I tried the weekend Southern menu and it was delicious!
Collard greens, mac&cheese, ribs, BBQ chicken sandwich.
The scone with clotted cream was divine!!!!
The iced teas are very refreshing and I swear I drank a whole container myself both visits.
The second time I had soup, salad and a sandwich.
The salad had this amazing (raspberry?
strawberry?, I forgot) vinaigrette.
The sandwich was good, but I was kind of disappointed with the soup.
It was potato and tasted too "milky".
They change the menu often and now have a tea inspired one.
Can't wait to go back and try it.
The owners are very nice and I hope they continue to do well.
Maria is VERY good at what she does with great prices, too!
I've always had a hard time finding someone to fix my jeans just right and she did it!
I'm short with a small waist and a bit of a butt :) So that means every pair of jean I get have to be altered.
And Maria does a wonderful job with reasonable prices.
She's done more than10 pairs of jeans and a few shirts and only one needed fixing.
I even lost weight and had to get a pair redone, it was a bit of a challenge but she did a beautiful job.
ORDER In (Delivery) Review

I discovered this place from the front desk of the airport hotel and they recommended it highly.
I called to place my order for Delivery to my room.
They were very accommodating.
Won Ton Soup - nice broth and tender won tons.
Chicken with Diced vegetables and Cashews - again, fresh vegetables were used, and good sized pieces of chicken.
Crispy Beef - much like a Ginger Beef, nice serving of Beef with a sweet chilli sauce.
Very tasty.
Broccoli in Garlic sauce - came with peppers,Onions , Broccoli was not over done.
All in all for Delivery , this was really good.
I am used to going to Authentic Asian in Vancouver.
This hit the spot, and they also sent me a nice tub of Chilli Oil because I like it Hot.
We purchased new office furniture from this location.
We were advised the shipment would arrive in 3 business days.
The shipment was delivered the same day as promised.
We received excellent service from the first step into their showroom at their location on Dean Martin, all thru the delivery.
Very positive experience and great pricing for the quality items we purchased.
Very pleased and will be purchasing more furniture from this store.
Everything that my husband and I tried today was amazing.
I am glad I got to try something different of what I normally would because i was really pleasantly surprised.
We also order one sushi roll because we had to try at least one and we loved it!
Definitely will be coming back to try more things.
Place is really small, and there was only one server, but we came when it was really slow and the service was pretty fast.
All in all very happy we got to try this place out.
Called for a 5:15 morning reservation.
The driver was here before 5 and didn't alert us, just parked outside quietly.
Also he helped out with the luggage and responded to our request of stopping at a differmet place first.
Overall 5 star service!
If I could give less than one star, that would have been my choice.
I rent a home and Per my lease agreement it is MY responsibility to pay their Pool Service company.
Within the last year they changed to PoolServ.
I have had  major issues with new techs every week, never checking PH balances, cleaning the filter, and not showing up at all 2 weeks in the past 2 months.
I have had 4 different techs in the past 4 weeks.
I have emailed and called them and they never respond back nor even acknowledged my concerns or requests.
I cannot change companies but I'm required to still pay for lousy or no service.
Attached are a couple pictures of my pool recently due to one tech just didn't put any chlorine in it at all according to the tech who came the following week to attempt to clean it up.
Please think twice before working with these people.
No one wants to work with a business that doesn't return phone calls or emails.
10pm on a super bowl Sunday and they're already closed??
Weak, no wonder the hard Rock is dying off...
A close friend was in town and so instead of taking him to a more well established joint, we decided to try the newly opened Choolah.
We were not disappointed.
I am a bit of an amateur chef myself and consider my palate to be fairly sophisticated when it comes to all kinds of South Asian cuisine.
This is not authentic Indian food - we don't have rice and salad bowls - but it is good, wholesome, high quality Indian food.
I ordered a bowl of rice, yellow daal and the koftas (meatballs).
The daal was perfect, the way daal should be cooked.
The koftas were a little bland for my taste, but otherwise not bad...soft and the right texture.
Paired with the many sauces and onions and the whole dish was wholesome and rich and very filling.
My friend ordered the biryani, which, while not bad, still isn't the way real biryani should be, and I come from a city known for its biryani - but then I still haven't found a single place in America that makes biryani the way they do it back home.
The ambiance is good and there's plenty of room to sit.
The line moves quickly and at most you'll face a 10-15 min wait on a crowded day.
The only issue I had was with the music - being a designer, it bothers me that the music selection to go with such great interiors  could have been better...I would expect Bollywood classics or Indian classical fusion instead of the usual loud pop music.
Tldr: if you're looking for authentically prepared and presented Indian food you'll be disappointed.
If you're looking for high quality Indian-American food, this is a great place to get it.
Will be coming back to try their tikka masala and chicken next.
Update: went there again with a bunch of friends and tried their chicken tikka masala and pav bhaji.
This is hands down the best Indian place in Pittsburgh - the bhaji is to die for.
Make sure you sprinkle lemon on top and have the pav with mango chutney.
Tried to have my car repaired.
Even made an appointment.
I was told that all my appointment was for is to meet the service advisor, not get any work completed on my car.
Such a waste of time.
Even talked to the Service Manager, he didn't care.
Since that was the attitude of the service department, I can only expect that from the mechanics that would have worked on my car.
Went to another dealership, made an appointment and my car went in to be repaired.
Not told to come back later and they might get to my car.
Very poor service.
My husband and I go there once a week since last year.
We LOVE seafood.
Unfortunately, I regretfully say that this place is a hit and miss for us.
Some weeks are good, fresh and saucy.
Some weeks can be completely opposite.
I never thought about writing a review until our experience last week.
We ordered medium chicken wings and hot trifecta 2 lbs of shrimp.
The wings came out SUPER spicy (probably hot) and the shrimp came out plain ( 99% butter and 1% spices).
When we ordered we asked to make sure we have enough sauce but they came in almost dry.
My husband and I love this place but we just never know what we will get that night.
We just dodge the bullet and hopefully they will be better than last week.
AMAZING.
Simply amazing.
Believe all of the hype and go out of your way to try this place.
My partner and I lucked out and ended up staying just a stones throw away.
So, our first morning in Mile End, we popped in to give it a shot.
We ended up going every morning (and once in the afternoon) after that because it was just that damn good.
It's cheap (like 85¢ and up), the staff speaks good English and those guys churn out wood fired bagel perfection 24 hours a day.
I highly recommend the "all dressed" but just go and try everything.
You won't be disappointed.
Holy heck this place is amazing.
I love their chicken tacos they're by far my favorite.
Great customer service and all round awesome experience.
Coconut's Fish Cafe is a fantastic, Five Stars fish cafe.
The five of us drove here on our lunch hour and lucky us, there were only a few customers in line.
Nice!
A good sign, when UR working against a clock.
I ordered the Póke (Photo) for $11.99 which was outstanding.
I love fresh Tuna and Coconut's might be some of the best I've every had.
Order it and see!
My coworkers ordered, the Chicken Tacos for $11.99, Steak Tacos (Photos) for $11.49, Fish Taco for $10.99 and a cup of Chowder for $5.74.
Add in a few IPAs, or soft drinks and we all averaged about $15 each.
I tried my friend Josh's Fish Tacos and his was great, too.
So why they Four Star review, Georgie?
Well the non fish group thought theirs was average.
Okay, so you go to a place called Coconut's Fish Cafe and you order chicken and steak?
I'm sorry, that is so LOL.
Step away from the meat taco guys and no one will get hurt!
Order the Poke, Fish or Shrimp Tacos and you'll fall in love with Coconut's Fish Cafe as I did.
Enjoy!
I love the classes at this gym.
Zumba and.
Radio Hip Hop are my favorite.
This is such a great fun and I love that it is so reasonably priced!
As the previous person posted, what more can really be said about this restaurant.
I just came back from Vegas this morning and a truly truly horrible experience.
I only went out there for a concert and the concert and this restaurant were the best parts of my trip.
I went in here accidentally, meaning, i had no clue it was Bobby Flay's restaurant.
I was hungry and Caesars Palace was a across from where I was staying and all the restaurants in my hotel were packed and had lines, I walked right in with no waiting.
(I will assume now that since its Bobby's place this place can get crowded so I feel the need to note this was a Sunday about 11:45am) Once inside Caesars Palace, I went to the first restaurant I saw, which was this one.
I realized mid-meal it was his restaurant when the waiter at the table next to me was explaining to the recently seated couple that "Mr Flay likes a little spice so beware all of our dishes have a little kick" (they were an older couple).
I know i'm slow after he said that, that's when i realized why they had his cookbooks in the front.
:)  (but like i said had a horrible trip so i wasn't even looking for things like this) anyway onto the food.
FOOD: fantastic.
I went on sunday and i got the eggs and aged striploin tortilla (fancy name for steak and eggs) and  it was yummy.
It came with all this spices of sorts (well they werent spices).
I am not really sure how to describe it, more like the consistency of salsa's but they werent salsa's, at any rate it was really good mix with the eggs.
I had a side of home fries which were a little burnt but oh well.
The steak was very good, very flavored, moist and tender.
Overall very good.
Had a cappuccino too, also very good.
I wish i had tried the crabcake's but i knew i wasnt going to eat all that.
waiters were awesome, just the right amount of attentiveness.
(I personally hate when waiters/waitresses, come back every 5 minutes, is everything ok is everything ok...sheesh can i enjoy my meal?)
Anyway like i said, i had a horrible experience in vegas and this and the concert i went to see were the best parts about my trip, very glad i blessed up on this place.
P.S.
Take notice, i have never eaten in a celebrity chef's restaurant and noticed that there were no salt and pepper shakers on any table.
ha just a fun tidbit, i thought that was funny and very interesting, almost as if the chef is subtly saying "you will not mess up my dish with your spices"
In the heart of Chinatown, I discovered it enroute to Kensington Market one day.
It's quite hard to see, if you don't know it's there.
First experience was very positive - would definitely return!
ATMOSPHERE: Small space.
Think Banh Mi Boys, and other trendy over-the-counter eateries.
Vibe is casual.
Free WiFi is nice.
SERVICE: Okay.
Staff does their job, but not overly helpful upon entering the space.
Maybe because it's an over-the-counter style place, but it would have been nice to be walked through their ordering process and menu.
PRICE: Average.
Depends on the size of pizza you order.The small pizza ($7-9.50) is filling for one.
Large size pizza ($13-18.50) is good for sharing... or one VERY hungry person.
Pasta portions are very generous for the price tag ($9-14)


FOOD: My friends and I were here for the first time, and we thought it was a pizza place so we all ordered pizza.
It wasn't until we were waiting for the food to come, that we looked around and realised EVERY other table around us only had pasta on them.
Guess we gotta come back to try!
We did notice that the menu said their pasta is homemade.
So will definitely come back.
Here's the pizza we ordered:

Peking Duck Pizza - Very tasty!
Rich flavours that work well.
But it's heavy, so come hungry - or order to share.
Margherita - Good, but not the best.
I recommend trying the more "special" toppings instead.
Shall return, and/or try other locations.
Always a fun outing to come for great hot dogs and ALL the fixings!
A great place to bring out of town company for a good lunch a new experience.
Was a Chicago style deep dish.
Homemade type crust, good sauce.
I ordered extra cheese, Italian sausage, canadian bacon and jalepeno!!
Was GOOD AND definitely filling!!
!
First time eating there and everything was so yummy!
Great pizza and Salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share.
Highly recommend.
Just... not good.
We want it to be - we have been several times hoping, but the experience is always at best, lackluster.
The food is not great, very run-of the mill on a good day and the serve staff though very nice is always - and I have never had the same person twice - always totally lost and under-trained.
It blows my mind because they can't possibly know alcohol laws if they don't know anything about the menu - going to bite that company one day.
I am not sure but I think someone I know told me they do the shared tip thing and I thought maybe that may be why but I know another place that does that and the service is excellent.
I don't know what the problem is - I have worked in the industry before while in college and I would say front of the house training needs big overhaul.
At any rate, they have lots of TV's and it is closer to us but just plain not good.
I wish they would switch locations with Wild Wing Cafe - also chain-y but much better food and service.
This was our choice, by default, for New Year's Eve dinner this year.
See, we chose not to make reservations, but instead just wing it and see where we could get in.
They had some early dining availability, so we jumped on it.
Their special New Year's "Paint the Town Gold" menu did not disappoint.
Located in the beautiful Mandalay Bay restaurant row, Kumi is a gorgeous display of style and food artistry.
Every course was surprisingly delicious, and plated interestingly.
Service was very good, seriously on point.
Right up until the dessert course...after 30 minutes of waiting for it, we finally requested the check as we had an event to get to.
One of our attendants felt bad and offered to quickly grab it for us but we were in danger of being late so we opted not to take him up on it.
It's a beautiful, albeit very pricey experience for dinner.
We would return for special occasions only.
The employees are so friendly and hard working!
Keep it up!
The store is very clean...
I love subway sooooooooo much!!!
:)
This actually used to be one of my favorite hotel/casinos back in the day.
Oh, how things have changed.
There are some goods, however.
If you are a conventioneer, you have instant and direct walking access to the main convention center.
But don't think about parking here for said conventions.
$30 a day for parking, Hilton?
Seriously?
That's robbery.
And greed.
The biggest disappointment is the killing off of Star Trek: The Experience over two years ago.
Despite this place being off-Strip, I made it a point to go here because they had such a fun and unique attraction here.
It would be one thing if they had something in mind to replace it, but either poor planning or the economy....
It's dead, Jim.
The "Space Lounge" is still there.
An entire casino area with a heavy sci-fi theme to it.
Except there's no casino here.
It's a huge space themed area with a ghost town bar, no slots, a few couches, a makeshift stage, beer signs, and a few remnants of Star Trek themes.
All of this space, and nothing.
No life to it.
Couches and beer signs only make the emptiness and waste of the area seem more empty and pathetic.
With their main draw gone, what has replaced it as the headliner?
Benihana's.
Nothing wrong with the restaurant, but it's hardly unique or exclusive, even in Vegas.
The Hilton has a Pizza Hut Express here too.
Maybe they should promote that as their "big draw" on the marquee as well.
A huge Benihana sign covers up the old entrance to Star Trek.
With couches pushed in front of the entryway.
Again, just sad, and I'll be a big man in saying that they kind of broke my heart getting rid of one of my most beloved hang-outs here.
The arcade is dead as well.
Another blanketed off space that sits and collects dust.
Again, with two-plus years, no suitable replacement has been found for anything in this section.
A few shops that fluctuate, but that's it.
This is a lot of dead space to go unused.
There's also the issue of the Men's bathroom in the main casino area.
Above every urinal is a picture of a lust-crazed girl staring over your bits with a camera, magnifying glass, tape measure, etc, while you pee.
The first time I saw this, it was "ha ha" funny, then when the laughter died, it just turned creepy and weird for me.
I actually selected a urinal based off which girl creeped me out the least.
She merely looked like she was casting spells at my nethers.
I could live with that.
Ladies: I must know.
Is there something like this in the girl's restroom?
When you close the stall door to do your business, is there a picture of some crazed guy making grabbing motions where your boobs would be?
Please message me and let me know.
I'd really like to know what the Hell you get in your bathroom after my gender's discovery.
As critical as I am being, there looks to be some sort of steampunk-themed club called "Triumph" there.
I want to check this out.
Atonement for the death of my beloved Warp Core Breach booze bowl?
We'll see, but it's going to have to be pretty good to replace the hole in my heart from that much booze for so cheap a price.
The sad part is, Hilton's one of those "history rich" casinos here.
Look up the history on this place.
A lot of awesome stars and vintage Vegas stuff happened here, which makes you wonder why this isn't represented more.
This place is great for convention visitors to stay, but that's about it as far as I can see.
They need to figure themselves out for everything else.
Horrible- Unclean, rancid, foul odors, unkempt, and poor service.
The restaurant was nearly empty, and the cashier didn't even look up to say hello as my husband stood hungrily grinning at the counter.
Needless to say, I talked him into driving up the road to the other location.
This one is unacceptable.
The service is attentive.
The decor attractive.
But the menu is far too doused in polenta and paprika.
The fingerling potatoes?
Drenched in paprika.
The aioli?Mixed with paprika.
The appetizer?
Fried polenta.
The fish?
Polenta crusted.
It's worth a try.
But be forewarned.
The chef must shop at Costco.
This is a wonderful nail shop!
Eric the owner is so hospitable, he takes time and effort on your nails to perfect them!
I love my nails, they're so cute and symmetrical.
Definitely will be coming back to this spa and salon!
If you're thinking about going, Don't even question it, just go!
Who knew?
I did!
I remember eating many many many times way back in the early childhood of Chipotle back in Denver.
Like the picture on the wall in every Chipotle.
(yep on evans and university) I had a feeling this place was going somewhere and Chaching!
Anyway, long story short, as we all have eaten at a Chipolte somewhere.
It simply is the best quick healthyish mexican there is period!
On a side note if you are one of those wierd vegan people this is my favorite burrito (veggie fajita black w/ all the salsas no queso or crema greens and of course 3 lbs of guac!)
Yuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmaaaaaeeeeeee!!!!
!
The ingredients are always fresh and I like that I can customize everything.
The price for the pita/salad is reasonable, but after the delivery fee of $3, it can be pricey.
Definitely a great option if I forget my lunch at home.
Room was very clean.
Staff was exceptionally nice for a mid-level hotel.
It had a parking lot right out the front door.
The free breakfast seemed generous (I didn't partake).
What more can one ask?
I'd stay here again.
A very busy restaurant, make reservations, but well worth it.
Our party ordered the short ribs, salmon and steam bass for our main entrees and each dish was outstanding.
Will definitely go back to this restaurant when we are back in the Phoenix area.
There wasn't one specific thing that made this buffet so horrible...
It's just the accumulation of everything being less than average quality.
There are plenty of options, but none of them were flavorful, hot, or worth filling up on.
Some others have commented on the dessert section being worthwhile, but to us everything tasted unthawed and on the stale side.
The Asian section had probably the best offerings but all were still fairly bland.
The worst part is that when I was going to grab a slice from the pizza station, someone had placed the tongs directly on TOP of the pizza...
So all the hand germs were in direct contact with the food!
There were two workers right there who didn't think this was disgusting..
I would have discarded the slices.
My husband and I both left with unsatisfied stomachs and looked forward to the second dinner we would have a few hours later at a much better establishment.
I stayed here back in April.
Friday-Sunday.
It's a nice hotel and the room had a great view.
This is just another building that is part of the Palms.
It has no casino and is just used for rooms.
We had the two room suite with 3 bathrooms, and 2 full kitchens.
The main bathroom had a huge shower.
I swear you can fit around 12+ people if thats what you want to do ;) They also have a tub in the middle of the room so you can watch your girl take a bath?
lol The place was beautiful but was it worth the $2000??
I'd say yes, but the only major downside is that it's far from the strip.
Would I do it again?
Probably not since you can get a nice suite for the same price at a nice hotel and be on the strip.
Another downside was that you cannot go out onto the patio.
They lock all the sliding doors.
That was a big downside for me!
Had brunch here Sunday with a friend.
The meal was very good.
I mean the options were limited but over all a solid brunch!
I've only come to Brewsters on one other occasion so I can't speak to the service before as it was at another location in Calgary.
The place wasn't busy.
The staff was rather slow but the food was good so no complaints on that.
I had the southwestern omelette and I LOVED the salsa inside it was so yummy and really added a nice touch to the meal.
Prices were also fair.
I decided to branch out from my usual egg benny.
It was a nice change.
As a spicy food fan, when I see a restaurant called Hot & Spicy, I add it to my must try list.
I decided to give Radica's a shot shortly after seeing the title of the restaurant.
On first glance, the restaurant was super clean and new.
A really nice environment for a fast food style joint!
Between my fiance and I, we ordered two roti's - one spicy chicken and the other a medium goat roti.
Oh boy, the roti's were awesome!
Fresh, packed with flavor and actually spicy.
Portions were huge as well!
We also tried a shrimp double.
This was my first time trying a double.
It was ok, but the real star of the show was the roti's.
If you're looking for genuinely good roti with a kick of spice, I'd say this is the spot!
Was super excited to bring my boyfriend to this Scaddabush location after going to the Richmond Hill location months back with friends and have been craving their mozzarella balls ever since!
We arrived and were seated at 8:15, and since reviewing the menu before hand, we placed out order with our waitress right away.
We ordered the 'Naked' mozzarella to start and for mains the Penne Bolognese and Margherita pizza.
The waiting game was okay, we got our appetizer about 25 mins of waiting.
Once arriving, the first thing I noticed was how small the mozzarella ball was compared the he Richmond Hill location.
However, it was delicious !
I was reminded on why I chose this restaurant for dinner.
As for the mains, we waited and waited and waited.
We had seen a male (possibly manager?)
walk around with pizza slices and deliver them to some tables, however not ours.
As he went to the table next to us we could overhear him apologizing for the wait time for their meals.
At around 9:05 our meals did arrive.
The pizza was good,  definitely not enough cheese but will do.
My boyfriend did really like his pasta.
Overall, I would say I would come back to Scaddabush.
Possibly just for the mozzarella balls but as our mains were just okay and nothing special, wouldn't choose this location for a full dinner again.
If you are looking for something refreshing and delicious, this is your one stop shop!
I've tried two drinks here and their delicious Japanese styled crepe that was filled with nutella and mouthwatering strawberries and bananas.
There are other options as well.
Their drinks are very customizable and if you think it's not perfect even after you get it, you can get it adjusted.
The service is super friendly and the aura is welcoming.
It's a clean environment where all the senses are in for a treat though the mesmerizing smell from the freshly made crepes, the refreshing sip from their drinks, to the perfect texture of their boba.
I'm not from the area but anytime I'm on my way to Vegas, I'm stopping by first to get my boba fix.
Try the Hawaiian Paradise.
You won't regret it.
A margarita in clear plastic dickie cup???
Wtf??
The drunkin shrimp plate should of been called the goldfish feeder shrimp platter..
Happy to give a strong recommendation to this place - fun atmosphere, great service, excellent food... and really loved the made-at-the-table s'mores!
I recommend this for anyone who has out of town guests for a little bit of the 'old west' and good fun.
All you can eat BBQ on Saturday and Sunday during the day.
I have been coming to this sweet little place for years and think they deserve my compliments.
The food is french in a not too serious and snobbish way.
The wine is best enjoyed outside in the evening overlooking the "lake".
They have live music (jazz guitar or piano) outside in the evenings most nights as well.
Probably,one of the more romantic night spots on the west side.
They also have a fantastic lunch menu, with a lobster salad croissant that is true bliss..... mmmmmm....
Look them up for their specials, like wine tastings and discounted days.
Food was piping hot, which is great!!
Had the buffet...and it truly is all you can eat!!
You order whatever you want off the menu (except chitlins) and they bring it out to you!!!
Mac n cheese, greens, and black eyed peas were pretty good!!
Fried chicken was pretty good too!
Will come back!
!
The tables and floor were dirty.
I was the only customer on a Saturday nite and  the person working the counter ignored me I had a corned beef sandwich.
I took three bites  and threw it in the trash
If you are looking for a fresh yummy breakfast on the weekend in Waunakee you must try Cuco's.
They have your traditional American breakfast choices or some tasty Mexican dishes.
The food is fresh and comes out sizzling hot.
The service is excellent and the restaurant is very clean.
So I don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it.
Everything I had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious.
The service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu.
They even gave me a smoothie sample while I waited.
Next time I'm in Cleveland, I'll definitely stop back in.
I may even be coming for dinner today.
Passed by here after we went to raijin ramen and thought everything looked super cute.
Bought 3 bread, the charcoal salted egg, an almond croissant and a coffee walnut bread.
All three, after discount came to almost 20$.
I was quite excited but upon trying them all, the croissant was pretty good (but I've had better, ie nadege, etc) but the other two were very mediocre.
The salted egg bread was very one dimensional as the bread itself wasn't very flavourful.
I thought it would be closer to a moon cake concept where bread is a bit sweet and counterbalanced the salty egg yolk but instead the egg yolk overpowered everything else.
The walnut bread was also very weird as the coffee had a weird after taste.
For the price I would def not come back.
Great fresh seafood spot located in the Scottsdale Quarter.
Enjoying a nice dinner out and felt like seafood so we decided on this restaurant.
We were greeted and taken to our seat right away.
The restaurant sets a more professional, upscale type atmosphere.
We were greeted by our server and he took our drink order.
We started with the seafood platter which had shrimp, oysters, lobster tails and a crab mix.
Love seafood?
Get this for sure!
The oysters were quite large and not amongst the freshest I've ever had but they were still good.
For dinner we enjoyed the chicken and the scallops with a side if crab fried rice.
Crab fries rice was full of flavor and really good!
Scallops had a citrus flavor added which made it even more tasty.
Service was above par as well.
Our server was attentive and friendly.
I'd go back if I wanted a nice night out and craved some seafood
Easily my favorite place to eat in Madison.
Great Lao-Thai food.
Curries are fantastic and make sure to start with a soup.
They're always good.
Tip: place is tiny and you will wait.
Either get carry out or head across the street to the Weary Traveler to grab a beer while you wait for your table.
When it comes to presentation this place executes that one thing completely.
The food tastes as good as it looks, but if you're on a budget this place my be out of reach depending on what's in your pocket.
Even their establishment looks amazing.
I love this place and love their "screaming orgasm roll"!
I travel lots for business and this is one of the funniest places.
Heather provided great service and NCAA B-BALL on the screens
I can't tell you how angry I am right now.
I went to Huntersville Ford yesterday to get an oil change on my commuter car.
Paid my $41.00 and was given back my car just over an hour later.
Today I had to go to work (40 mile round trip commute).
As I was getting off of I-85, I noticed the smell of burning oil.
I thought maybe the tech just spilled a little on the exhaust manifold since it's right there, and maybe it's burning off.
I didn't hit a stop light until I was almost at my office.
When I stopped and was waiting for the light, my cabin started to fill with smoke, and I had smoke pouring out from under the hood and the wheel wells as well.
I pulled over into the parking area of a gas station (because they have accessible fire extinguishers) and parked.
I popped the hood only to find THE TECHNICIAN DID NOT PUT THE OIL FILLER CAP BACK ON!!!
Now my engine is covered in potentially flammable oil, and of course Huntersville Ford is closed today!!!!
I have my car sitting outside in the parking lot with the hood open, just in case it decides to ignite, because my engine is pretty hot after a 20 mile drive.
I called and left a voicemail, and now I have to find a way to degrease my engine at work, just so I can drive it home in a less-flammable state.
I WILL HOLD HUNTERSVILLE FORD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY COMPONENTS THAT FAIL AS OF A RESULT OF THIS.
Most electronics don't like being slathered in motor oil.
In fact, I'm pretty sure they aren't designed for that.
And NO, I did not have other work done... Just the oil change.
You had 1 job.... oil change.
No transmission service, no brake service, no rotation, no cooling flush... just an oil change.
I hope he remembered to tighten the filter, but I am skeptical at this point.
I can assure you, I will NOT be taking my car back to that dealership, even though it is right around the corner from my house.
MAKE IT RIGHT, HUNTERSVILLE FORD.
Worst pedicure ever.
First, waited over a half hour even though we had appointments.
Then, the girl rushed throughout, made rude comments and talked and laughed with her other coworkers in a different language.
Pedicure is chipped not even one week later.
Will NEVER go back here.
Worse experience.
Bobby Flay's restaurant at Caesar's Palace.
Tasty but with mixed reviews.
The first time I went there, everything I had was delicious.
The chicken and pork tenderloin were outstanding.
This time, I ordered the following - duck crepe (SOOOO good!
), shrimp tamale (very flavorful and fresh), salmon (mediocre, at best... and our waiter even told us not to order it... but my friend didn't listen), and halibut (tender, flaky, not fishy at all... and so flavorful!).
The halibut and appetizers were my favorites and I would definitely go and order those again.
We also ordered 3 desserts, which were totally worth it!
Sweet potato pudding (and I don't even like sweet potatoes!
), Banana pie tart thingy, and spicy peanut chocolate cake.
mmmmmm would definitely go there for dessert and the appetizers!!!
You need a reservation for this place.
Cleats is the best!
Our daughter pitches and we have exchanged 2 sets of Mizuno metal cleats.
Both were coming apart at the seams and they happily replaced them each time.
Great friendly and knowledgeable staff!
We buys all our softball gear from Cleats!
When I'm Arizona...we Reathrey Sekong!
Food is good and authentic!
Would love if there was a closer location to Gilbert!
Decent food.
Fishermen lobster or even congee queen can do better than this.
Nice decor but that is it.
I don't expect too much service from a Chinese restaurant but I gotta say that the hostess and waitress weren't welcoming at all.
Won't recommend this place to anyone.
I was staying at the Hilton next door and got access to the YMCA.
Nice!
One of the days, I woke up with a sore throat.
Headed to the gym anyways, but started coughing horribly just as I checked in.
Had to walk out to clear my throat then went back in and hopped on an elliptical machine.
The lady at the front desk was so nice!
She brought me a cup of water because she noticed that I was coughing so much earlier.
Amazing service!
Now I wish I belonged to a YMCA back home.
Going to have to look into it for sure.
More than just  Pizza.
This location is small but cozy.
Has two large screen TV's for your entertainment pleasure.
The pizza is of better quality than most (a definate step up from Pizza Hut and Domino').
The thin crust is we like here.
The crust has a crunch to it, which I prefer.
Their menu has a "tailgate" variety of food (Pasta, Ribs, Fried Chicken, sub sandwiches......you get the picture).
The prices are bit high for what you get.
They do have specials so that is what our family typically goes for..... Familiy Feast ($22) includes 16' pizza with one topping, 6 wings, 4 garlic sticks, and 2 liter of pop.
We are planning to keep this place on our list of places to think about  for a weekday "too many kid activities" and "too tired to cook" take out night.
GREAT SERVICE!!
The food was amazing and very reasonably priced!
Oh and the deserts are to die for!
!
We drive by Fruits and Roots almost daily and we finally decided to give it a try.
Unfortunately the only good thing I have to say about the place is it has nice decor.
We walked in and was greeted by one of the girls and as we were looking at the menu she asked if it was our first time and we told her yes.
We assumed she would explain the menu but nope!
My daughter's go to is a strawberry banana smoothie and the menu had a few smoothies that had strawberry and banana mixed with other stuff and I asked if they would be able to make one with just strawberry and banana and she had said they couldn't because it was already pre made.
So we continued to look at the menu and a different girl came and said she would be able to make the smoothie so thank you to her.
My husband and I knew we wanted to get an acai bowl so as
we looked at the different options we found one we wanted to try but on the menu it had a pitaya and we asked if we could get it with acai instead but again was told that it was already pre made.
So we went with one that was made with acai but it had blueberries which we don't like and we weee hesistant to ask if they would be able to leave them out since everything seemed to be pre made but my husband did ask and luckily she said they could leave it out.
Whew!
It wasn't a long wait to get our order.
My daughter drank her smoothie saying it was okay and our acai bowl was okay as well.
To
me the best part was the granola and that's about it.
At least we can say we finally tried this place and we definitely won't be back.
We will be sticking to our usual spot Bowlology!
Love the staff here!
Becca, Chrissy, Angel and Arianna are so friendly and helpful!
Super clean and professional place.
Highly recommend coming here!
I had an oil change at the 15515 N Scottsdale Road location.
When the car was delivered to me, there were two engine warning lights on that had not been on when I drove the car in.
The technician said that the lights were on when he got in the car, which was not true.
I took the car to the dealer who said that a sensor light had been left unplugged when they removed the air filter.
I should have read the many bad Yelp reviews prior to going to this facility.
The absolute WORST apartment complex I have ever lived in.
Moved here from out of state.
Hoped to find a decently priced apartment until I got myself settled in.
Wow this place has been trash.
Landlord is only here half the time, so those of you with a full time job, forget ever trying to communicate with her!
Doesn't answer the phone or call back.
Place can't even get with the 21st century and splurge on email communication.
Rent past due?
Noise complaint on an animal?
Anything, Don't worry, you'll be singled out with a cheap ass piece of paper taped to your door for the whole complex to see.
As far as CAM Properties as a whole, also trash!
They also refuse to give callbacks.
After hours "emergency?"
ha, yeah right!
Scottsdale PD had to be called when I had troubles after hours because CAM's "emergency after hours hotline" didn't answer the phone!
I will never ever recommend anyone live here.
The bugs invade the units like crazy - cockroaches, spiders, lizards, you name it.
They say they spray before you move in, but do not perform any follow up procedures.
They tell you if there's bugs in you apartment, that's all YOUR fault.
Ha!
I cannot get out of this place fast enough.
The only upside is the utilities are included, however the price is still absurd for the less than average amenities and the horrible customer service.
This was my first time at this place and the shop was super clean.
The staff was nice and helpful.
Rose took care of me like a regular customer.
If I lived in Vegas, I would come here all the time.
I ordered a pizza at 4:49.
Got an email that said my pizza would be delivered at 5:18 to5:28.
5:38 still no pizza.
Called the store.
They said it was out for delivery.
I said I knew that it was suppose to be delivered 10 minutes ago.
5:48.
Still no pizza.
Called the store back.
Again, I was told it was out for delivery.
5:48 called the store again.
When I was on the phone the pizza came.
When it arrived it was COLD.
Paid a visit here after the JT concert on Friday night - best decision all weekend.
Every restaurant was packed before the show, so we set on wandering MGM afterwards for a good after show nosh and were definitely pleased at Crush.
Luckily we were seated right away (not many people ordering dinner at 11pm I suppose!)
and our incredibly nice server saw to our drink order ASAP.
The ambience is tres chic.
Dark, romantic, and removed from casino craziness in the back where we sat cuddled up in a booth.
The only negative about our seats was the pretty chilly draft, but perhaps we were just too sober ;) The Syrah was absolutely delicious, and at $11 for a glass, a Vegas bargain.
We began with the Caesar salad which came out within minutes of ordering and was very tasty, though I myself found the sweetness to be a little strange.
Overall it was a crunchy, refreshing delight.
We then shared a margherita flatbread and the gnocchi.
Whoa....both dishes definitely exceeded expectations.
They were small plates, but really perfect for sharing.
The speed at which the salad was delivered was slightly misleading, as the other dishes took quite a while to come out.
However, they were clearly exceptionally fresh when they arrived.
Our waiter was pretty busy but as attentive as he could be, and very professional without being overbearing.
The end-to-end experience was more than I expected at such a large venue, and thus deserves a high recommendation.
This was a perfect way to wind down from an energizing show without losing the dazzle of a getaway weekend with your honey.
I went into this store yesterday and it was horrible!!!
It was sooooo dirty.
I'm talking there was trash everywhere!!!
Not only that but it smelled like trash!
It was 5 o'clock on a Friday afternoon so I completely understand it being a little messy but the store just looked horrible!!!
Not to mention the were out of pretty much everything on the store.
I honestly will probably start going down the road to the next Smith's.
I love Bouchon.
It's still my favorite place to go hands down.
They are extremly fresh and have excellent service.
I ate at the bouchon in Beverly hills and didn't encounter a single difference in food quality in Vegas.
The food has always been delicious and this one time I went we ordered practically everytihng.
From the bakery basket in which the waiter chooses for us a selection of baked goods to the mussels to the hash.
Everything was delicious.
And you can't beat the price around 20-30 a person with small apps.
Or aroudn 40-50 if your drinkin a little.
Very reasonable for what your getting.
Take a peek at my photos.
Thanks Thomas Keller for a great meal again!
So pretty inside and well organized!
I called for an appointment before my wedding for me and 3 others and was told they wouldn't be able to help me on that day because they were going to be too busy.
:( So we went somewhere else.
I had a gift card for here so I went here for my fill, and they did a great job, but a bit overpriced!
I brought my daughters in so all 3 of us could get pedicures and had a great experience!
Overall a great place!
Furry watching 2011 concluded at Tonic....it was a fun time had by all....furries and humans alike.
I was the same as Mel U.  I had been past this place a couple times and never thought to go in.
I think it may be because it's on the "outskirts" of town and a section I really don't go to often.
First off I'll say I love the outdoor seating area!
It was a front row seat to all the furry watching action going on outside the Westin and convention center.
Plus let's face it, it's always great to have outdoor seating!
Since they're known for their martini's I had to indulge!
I ordered the Cosmo-Tonic because for some reason I've been really into Cosmo's lately.
With all tini's, you really have to have the right mixture.
I hate when there's too much Cranberry or even too much Vodka (gasp, I know!).
This was a perfect mix I'm glad to report!
Nice job shake masters!
I also tried my friends Lemon Drop Martini, holy bejebus, it was WAY too sweet for me!
I'll stick to my other options out there!
I would like to try the dinner options now and have the full experience here.
But I'd say so far so boozy good!
Pros: Fun atmosphere, great for people watching, mechanical bull is unique in my experience

Cons: I had the chicken tenders and fries and while the tenders were alright, the fries were pretty terrible.
I've had fries that didn't taste good before, but these were the first fries I've experienced that actually tasted bad.
After dinner, I felt sick and had to drink lots of water to get the taste out of my mouth.
Would not go again!
Nice decor, service was as good as it was asked for.
Food came out very quickly after we ordered it, which makes me wonder whether they have prepared contents that they assemble by order???
If so, it explains the overcooked noodles in the Padthai.
I didn't like the fact that they don't offer Padthai with flat noodles, but only with thin noodles...
Took away from the whole Padthai eating experience that comes with the flat noodles and the flavors it generates.
It was also extremely sweet marinated and had no particularly Thai spice flavors.
The meat to noodle portion was pretty good though.
Again, did not get Padthai as Padthai should look and taste.
So far Royal Jasmine in Litchfield is my favorite Thai in West valley.
Prices are reasonable...fried rice, Thai flat noodle with Duck, and the yellow curry is delicious!
However, they burnt my fried calamari :(
Their Homemade Lasagna was Great!
You've gotta try Rizzo's Spaghetti House.
Try out their other restaurant, located off Cherry Road in Rock Hill.
By far my favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas.
Pasta Luigi is the fastest they have!
Also try the stuffed artichoke.
It is one of the best of ever had
What can I say?
The bread is made daily and the portions are reasonable.
They have a wide selections of desserts,  Asian drinks/candy/food,   and their sandwiches is made when you order.
Had a wonderful meal here.
Rib steak for two with herb butter and mushroom onion sauce was excellent, cooked to medium rare spot on, lightly coated with Montreal steak spice.
Tuna steak lightly seared just right went well with lentils and mint.
I am withholding a star because even though the wine list was interesting and extensive, only three reds were available by the glass, and the pour was nowhere near generous.
Huge breakfasts served all day.
"the all American" was very good if you want something simple.
Service was spotty mostly because the waiters would disappear when we needed their attention.
They were able to separate the checks which was great.
The waffle was forgettable and expensive.
I recommend egg dishes!
If you need a quick yummy breakfast in downtown I recommend this.
I love bookstores, and I love to spend some time browsing and flipping through the books and having a generally pleasant time.
I would have enjoyed it more, though, if this store were organized better.
It was nothing but an exercise in frustration going through the fiction section.
I am not sure if it was a matter of the store being in transition, or what was going on, but the "General Non Fiction" shelves included a number of books that should have been filed in the fantasy or science fiction shelves, which were incredibly tiny as it was.
It make finding anything incredibly difficult, as it was hard to tell if they just didn't carry a particular author, or if it was mistakenly shelved elsewhere.
Service was perfectly polite, the Starbucks inside is pretty comfortable and a good place to relax.
However, if a bookstore wants to compete with Amazon, they really need to have their stuff together and not annoy the customer.
I passed Five Guys, In-N-Out, Carl's Jr, and Sonic to get to The Habit.
It won't happen again.
I don't know where all these five stars are coming... but their burger tasted like an unseasoned Sonic burger... and more overpriced than Five Guys.
I WILL SAY THAT THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS GREAT!
Some cretin at a store swiped my credit card information while ringing me up and then charged 3,000 bucks worth of stuff on my Keybank debit card.
I was in Florida at the time on a long term assignment, hundreds of miles from a Keybank.
I discovered the fraudulent charges when I checked my balance just before leaving on a road trip.
I called the customer service number and within a few hours all my money was back in my account.
They canceled my number and sent me an all new card by FedEx which arrived the next day at my destination.
They made the whole recovery process so easy.
Miss this bank, big time.
Fast and friendly, always!
They make sure your order is correct even when they are in a hurry.
Always a great meal.
I tried chicken Shish kebab .
Chicken is really juicy and really tasty .
The atmosphere there is very Turkish style , love it .
Definitely 5 stars .
Good place ever for coffee break , delicious deserts.
I love the atmosphere !
Perfect for families !
Very welcoming to children , my sons a bit active && loves to touch the decorations but they're so patient && understanding .
The food is filling , tasteful && excellent portions .
Nd their hours are accommodating to all they're open late .
I just want to note that I am all about eating quality sushi.
I have been to many sushi places  and I know when the sushi is worth the money.
Unfortunately, this is not one of them.
The presentation of the sushi is clean and organized but the quality of taste was not there.
We ordered the Godzilla and  10 orders of sake nigiri and 10 order of shrimp nigiri.
I was disappointed.
It was not fresh enough for my taste and not good enough for the money I spent there.
The fresh sushi was flavorless and the rolls did not have a correct balance of flavor.
If you guys are big sushi fans and know the difference between great sushi, good sushi and poor sushi, then this is place in not for you.
But if you do like spending $5 on one piece of Nigiri/sashimi (not even a set of two) cause you won big in the casino or something, then be my guest.
Amazing staff and food everytime!
Always so welcoming and the food is constantly awesome.
They did a great job on my two Golden boys.
They can be a handful at times but they came out looking great and what I considered a great price as well!
We will be coming back for sure in the future.
The whole experience is awesome.
They start you off with silly anouncements from the gate.
In other words, the staff is friendly, spontaneous, and well, AWESOME.
It's a small plane, though, so whether you're travelling a short (ie from San Francisco to Vegas) or longer distance (SF to New York), then Virgin America is the way to go.
I guess the airline is famous for its mood lighting which is relaxing.
They have a really cool in-flight entertainment system - touch-screen, on-demand movies, live satellite TV, radio, etc.
So if you're flying, better bring your own headset coz they sell theirs for $2.
To sum it up, the experience was so darn good that I wish I had more time on the plane.
The reviews for this place on Facebook are great so despite not having a presence on Yelp, I made an appointment.
I won't deny my dog needed some serious grooming.
We'd brushed him out the night before but he could still use more combing, his hind legs/butt trimmed up and he had some matts behind his ear.
There are 4 doors at this place, I believe.
If you just pull in to the drive way it's not terribly clear until you get closer to the doors and see signs directing you which to go into.
The lobby is cute.
I was quickly greeted and I was given a form to complete.
The woman doing the grooming introduced herself and I asked that his hind legs and butt get trimmed up and asked that she cut out any matts.
She said it would probably take about 3 hours.
I received a text about 3 1/2 hours later stating the price would be $80 and if I returned within 8 weeks it would be $65.
I went to pick him up and I was shocked that they shaved him.
His hair was NOT that bad.
Not to mention the hair that was left was not soft as it has been after visiting other groomers.
I didn't say anything because I was so shocked in the moment so I took him home.
We saw our dog paying particular attention to his private area...more so than he usually does.
My husband looked closer and found that he had been nicked a couple of times.
We found a large cut behind one of his ears.
We won't be returning.
Amazing food and perfect location for any Luke AFB military personnel looking for some decent Asian cuisine.
I'm going on my third lunch this week!
The Chicken Teriyaki and ginger salad dressing is out of this world!
3 stars for food, but the service was awful.
Appetizers were ordered and all the food was brought out at once after wondering where the food was.
Saw multiple tables served while we sat around waiting for the check.
Won't be back!
I'm traveling from out of town.
It's amazing!
Best massage I've ever had!
Most definitely will be my new go-to place no need to look any further.
We love Cafe Americano!
We've been a couple times for lunch and have had Eric S. both times as our waiter.
He was unbelievably attentive, kind, and efficient!
The food both times was amazing.
As with anything down at the Strip, the food can seem pricey, but the quality and the amount of food you get is worth every penny!
My favorite thing is the Short Rib Nachos.
Also love the atmosphere.
Highly recommend for anyone that has a stomach and is in Las Vegas ;)
Sigh.
This review was tough to give, as it could've been anywhere between 2 and 4 stars.
Let's start with the positives.
I came here with a friend for Summerlicious this afternoon at 12:30, and we got the last seat in the restaurant (it helped that we reserved).
We were given the menu and our order was taken in about 3-4 minutes.
Not bad to start.
I ordered the miso soup, green salad, ebi shiumai, sushi/sashimi/maki, and green tea ice cream.
The miso soup and green salad tasted nothing special (the soup was a little salty though).
The ebi shiumai tasted really good!
The sushi/sashimi/maki tasted very good as well, and I especially love how there's a much higher raw fish-rice ratio compared to other restaurants I go to.
Finally, the green tea ice cream was a great dessert to finish.
Everything with the food satisfied me.
The service, after having the order taken, was a near disaster.
I understand it was a busy day today due to the fact it was a nice Friday, but many of the servers were confused in their roles.
There was a long lineup of orders by the sushi counter, and at one point I saw 15 dishes lining up ready for serving, but no servers were going to pick them up.
I didn't receive my shiumai until 1:00, and my sushi/sashimi/maki until around 1:20.
I finished everything by around 1:30, but the ice cream didn't come until around 1:40, and finally the bill didn't come till around 1:55.
After 1 hour and 35 minutes, I finally left the restaurant at 2:05, since I had to ask for the credit card machine, in which no server was around for about 8 minutes before I finally got one's attention.
What probably saved this from a 2-star (or even a 1-star rating) was the fact the manager came out to me as I was signing my receipt saying how they were horribly understaffed and completely underestimated the demand for Summerlicious this year.
They only had two sushi chefs, four servers, and two chefs serving what was a full house restaurant.
In a way I felt bad, but I did give them just less than 10% tips; something I almost never do in restaurant.
Free wifi!
Password is the phone number.
Perhaps as a sucker for free wifi that might have contributed to the 3-star rating I gave.
However, be warned.
This is a review of Pliner's approach and style (truly original, but certainly "not for everyone,) this location, and especially their sales person - Milijana, or Mia as she introduced herself.
Making my purchase on 12/18 during their holiday sale I literally tried on 25 pairs of shoes before making my final selection - a half-lacquered pair of black suede shoes unlike anything I've previously seen.
While the store did not have my size in stock, Mia brought me shoes made from the same mold and informed me that not only could the size I need (11) be mailed to my home, but it could be accomplished with no tax and free shipping since I lived in Ohio.
In retrospect I wish I'd have bought more pairs of shoes while I was there, but as it stands they've guaranteed I'll return on my next Vegas visit.
Absolutely delicious.
Ordered chicken/beef kabob combo with spinach rice based on other reviews and not disappointed!
The spinach samosa are also fantastic.
My new favorite restaurant.
Really good steak house.
Steak is always seasoned to perfection but is never exactly coined to perfection.
Make sure to ask for bread and butter you will need it.
The butter is home made infused with honey and the bread always comes warm.
can't wait to go back again do a nice dinner.
The food use to be really really really fuckn good here
But not any more.. Suckx the food is all picked over eeewwww..
I had to wait for FRESH!!
Food to come out .. Uuuugghh.
Great food & very friendly staff.  We got the Shrimp Creole & the Cajun Trio, both tasty with the equivalent of home cooking.  The peach cobbler was delicious & passed my friend's test, who is from the South & has some experience with this dessert.  The owner chatted with my friend & I and told us how the restaurant got started.  Definitely worth trying.
I went up too my storage unit at the Uhaul facility on 1/9/16 and when I opened my unit door I noticed that there was boxes pushed too the side ...
I noticed that three pieces of furniture was gone out of my unit and I notified the manager of that facility about the missing items... And the manager told me I had too file a claim with the Uhaul company ...
I couldn't believe that the manager wouldn't look into it making me feel suspicious...
I will never use their facility ever again can't trust their company....I called and they have never returned my calls
There are good things, and bad things about this tiny airport.
The bad things are, no food, no bar, just vending machines a couch and a big screen TV.
The good thing is that this airport is so small, only American Eagle flies here, that when you show up for your flight, you can sit on the couch or an easy chair and watch TV while you wait for the security guys to show up.
Then everyone on your flight (~32 people) go through security and get on the plane.
Disclaimer: this was our first experience there.
Very friendly staff & nice ambiance.
We got Wisconsin cheese, The Classic & Fundue Delight for our entrees & The Original for dessert.
We chose Mojo for our cooking style.
We had the Cesar & the Bacon & Bleu Spinach salads.
I was a little unsure coming into it but the staff asked if we've been there & explained the process.
We were warmed the portion sizes were small but we got full--guess it depends on your appetite.
Everything was very good, even the apples with the cheese.
I highly recommend this place.
It's such a fun & different experience.
This place is clean and a great price the other places around is are horrible and have undesirable types (I.e.
hookers) not here safe and quiet no bedbugs a huge plus would recommend it to anyone unless you are from the Phoenix area they will not rent to you unless you live more than 30 miles away after our 3rd stay we were informed of this policy such is stupid and discrimination of Phoenix and surrounding area residents so I'm going to file a complaint with corporate and talk to my lawyer!
What a great restaurant in the South Side!
We went for restaurant week but the entrees are on their normal menu.
Everything had such a pop of flavor and was perfectly cooked.
The only part of our meal that my boyfriend didn't enjoy was the dessert.
The shrimp appetizer is loaded with garlic!
Definitely enough for two people.
The stuffed oysters were very filling but I liked the shrimp more.
For entrees I had the chicken in cream sauce which was amazing.
My boyfriend had a perfectly cooked fillet.
My lemon cake was awesome but his creme brulee was watery.
They substituted it for him.
Awesome service, great wine, and great food!
We will be back!
I didn't really have a positive experience at Blush Lounge.
The crowd here is much older than a typical Vegas club.
The music isn't great and $20 cover on Thursday made me cringe a little.
Other than that, the club is designed really nicely (as are most things in Encore/Wynn).
The drinks were typical Vegas prices ($9 beers) so overall it just wasn't great.
I probably will not come back here.
If you're in the Mississauga area, a must stop for any tech professional.
I'll sum it up with two easy statements:
1.
Awesome selection of beer on tap
2.
Reliable free WiFi with good bandwidth

Enough said.
Excellent food, service and ambiance!
The tapas are truly infused with spanish flavours.
We had the Octopus, Dates wrapped in Bacon and Figs with Goat Cheese, but if I have to pick a favourite it will be the Foie Gras "sliders", they were unbelievably tasty!!
We had the 'Paella Patria' you could see the saffron, beautifully done.
For dessert I ordered the Chocolate pudding, it was sublime, rich, decadent.
Infused with olive oil and salt, it couldn't make me happier.
Ohh I just can't wait to be back!
!
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I just ate the highest quality burger of my life at a place where you have to order at the counter and the burger only cost $9.
I was immediately impressed upon ordering at Bang Bang Burgers.
I ordered the hangover burger, and they not only asked how I wanted my burger (can choose from medium to well-done) but the worker even asked how runny I wanted the fried egg and then if I wanted it sunny side up or if they should flip it over easy.
My buddy asked for mustard, and they even asked whether he wanted regular yellow, dijon, whole grain, or honey mustard.
I added sweet potato fries for the $1 upcharge because I love sweet potato fries, paid my $10 and waited.
I must say I was a little disappointed that I had to wait 15 minutes for the burger, but after first bite I had no more complaints!
I don't know what's in Pat LaFreida's beef mixture, but it was the highest quality beef in a burger I've ever ordered.
The bun was ridiculously soft as well.
The egg was cooked perfectly, but the burger lacked any flavor from the small slice of cheese or the bacon hash unfortunately.
Despite that, the amazing quality still made this burger awesome.
The sweet potato fries were by far the best sweet potato fries I've ever eaten, and I love sweet potato fries so that says a lot.
They were crispy which so many places cannot accomplish and had a balance of sweetness from the fries and salt that was perfect.
They came with a decent maple sauce, but I didn't dip very many because they were honestly better on their own.
I must say, the bang bang sauce that comes on the side of the burgers is incredible though.
It's similar to a Thousand Island dressing without the pickle relish, but something about it just makes it so much better and slightly sweeter.
Overall, I probably wouldn't order the hangover again and would choose a more flavorful/interesting option.
I would also recommend going with a double if you're hungry because each patty is only around 4 ounces.
Despite these slight "drawbacks", the quality of the meat and bun stood out so much that I think any burger here would be amazing and for a pretty solid price as well.
I went for the second time yesterday, and it did not disappoint!!!
I love their willingness to work with you on a dish to make it exactly as you want!
Best Thai Food I have ever tried!
I saw Big Jim's on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.
Went there when in Pittsburgh with my son visiting Pitt, had a great lunch.
My son went to Pitt and I have been back several times.
The food is very good, large servings and reasonably priced.
This place will surprise you.
It is off the beaten path.
You have to be looking for it because it is below the highway in a neighborhood that leads nowhere to my knowledge.
It is unattractive at best but the service is good, food is very good, fresh, plentiful and very reasonable.
If you like good food, funky places and you are not a snob stop in and give it a try.
The worst hotel experience I have had...we came here tonight, and the bathroom shower is visible to he whole room.
Then we needed extra blankets and called down, they said they were all out.
Then we asked for water botlles, and they said they were all out!
Then to too it off, we asked a cot, and to no surprise....they were all out!
What bull is that??
The next two nights better be better...
Absolutely love it!
!.The most authentic and incredible Mexican food I've ever had in Las Vegas hands down!!
The place is so beautiful and colorful.
The food is sooo good.Their tacos are freaking amazing!!
Everything is so exquisite and delicious.
Will definitely be coming back here.
Manager Chad was very attentive and stopped by a couple of times making sure we were having great time!
Great suggestions, great atmosphere, very friendly and helpful staff!
A+++
Sheila is AMAZING!!
She did a great job on my nails, they look so natural.
I give her 10stars!!
Definitely will be a repeat customer!
I was excited to finally eat here.
I ordered Carne Asada tacos and rice and beans.
The food was great the chicks were hot.
The chip and salsa were good.
The high quality Korean BBQ that started it all in Vegas...One of my favorite kbbq places in town.
Beef combo is usually what I go for and they will cook for you!
Three things stands out the most for me.
1.
Skirt steak
2.
Aged short ribs
3.
Ice cream that comes with the combo

Come hungry and give it a try!
After my scathing review of the Perez Museum in Miami, I thought I better balance things out by telling you about the AGO, which (I feel) is an example of how to do things right.
Had lunch at Frank (on site restaurant), which was quite chic and the food was delightful, but a wee bit spendy.
The gallery itself is beautiful and interesting.
I've been twice in the past 6 months (to see the Turner exhibit and the Lawren Harris exhibit), and have been impressed by both the special exhibits and the regular collections.
The special collections are an additional fee, but in both cases, well worth it.
The gallery is spacious and well lit, with an interesting mix of trad and modern art.
I still need to go back again, as I didn't get to spend as much time as I would like, and am pretty sure I didn't see everything.
It's a great way to spend an afternoon.
The staff is polite and well informed, gift store is eclectic and fun.
Went here for lunch with my mom & her friends today.
Over all the staff was great!
Two thumbs up.
How ever the food was okay, they gave us the wrong flat bread & when told they let us have the wrong one to munch on (we were starving!)
and made the correct one - I think, it said pork belly was on it but it looked more like brisket.
They also gave us some Carmel popcorn (the best part of the meal!
Then at the end we ordered 2 cappuccinos but they were clearly espresso with no milk, and had to request half and half to go with it.
So in short- okay food, excellent service, with some hiccups that were addressed extremely graciously.
3/5/11
Considering how disappointed we were with Lotus of Siam last time in Vegas the bf was wary of trying Thai again until we found Thai Style Noodle House!
We tried the thai style noodle with beef which is their pad kee mow...and the beef combo noodle soup...

Super crowded and cozy...the service was good but there was a slight wait for food obviously...the beef combo noodle soup was very interesting... not sure I'd try it again because it wasn't spicy at all!
LOL 

One of the better tasting Thai places in Vegas...
this place is lame!
my boyfriend and i decided to check it out because it was their very first 80s night and some dude working for the club gave us a free pass.
so we waited in line about a half an hour, dealt with the rude doorman, got in and um.
not much else to be said.
"80s night" was going on outside on the patio, and they were playing the worst of the 80s.
bad 80s/hip hop mash ups were going on inside with trashy mid-westerners dancing on tables.
we chugged our drinks and were in and out in about 10 minutes.
This was delicious.
I got the vegetarian enchiladas and tacos.
It came with a side of fresh smashed potatoes (never had this as a Mexican place but i was craving it).
The water was delicious and fresh, the decor of the restaurant was phenomenal, and the service was good (not over the top, but nothing to complain about).
Prices were very reasonable.
I would visit again and take friends.
I went to a Spring Training game here on Monday 3/17/14.
The stadium is just off the freeway so I arrived in the area about 75 minutes before the game.
The traffic was backed up on the freeway and the main street was a mess.
I waited almost an hour to get to what I thought was the parking lot only to find out it was the parking for the local Marriott.
People were very frustrated cutting others off in traffic, being aggressive and I witnessed a road rage incident while sitting in the line.
By the time I made it to the Marriott lot, they had been out of spaces for 15 minutes but they did not have a method to notify people.
I blame the Marriot for most of the mess but the City of Tempe need to plan better for events.
Inside the stadium I found the place to be less than average for Spring Training games.
The food was not good, the customer service was average and we could not hear the speakers very well.
I will stick to other Spring Training facilities to see some games in the future.
We got there by 5:30pm and most of the dishes were cold, as if they been sitting there since noon.
They never refilled our drinks and tried to rush us out.
I would never eat at this place again.
THE TACOS.
I got pastor, asada, and chorizo.
Authentic.
Delicious.
Nice topping bar with cilantro, limes, onions and sauces.
The market itself is cool to walk around and get unique items as well.
I really enjoyed my stay at this very reasonable hotel.
The rooms are very spacious and clean.
I really didn't expect to get a warm continental breakfast included at the price I paid for the room.
I must have walked by this place a thousand times working on the square.
Never knew what it was exactly.
Came up in a search of "Asian " ?
Amway, saw the reviews and walked over.
The buffalo paninis with a side of black bean and corn salsa was very good.
At $7 the price was fair, I think the yelp menu may be outdated.
The desert case looked great and they have breakfast items also.
There was a gift area too.
Cool place and I'm far from vegan.
Great little sushi spot 
Took advantage of all you can eat to sample lots of different types of fish 
Friendly  staff 
Great variety of items on the menu 
A must try
My absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, Great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.
I think the ice cream is homeade.
A neighbourhood favorite!
Hands down, the BEST kabobs in Vegas.
I stopped here late after work one night on the way home after having passed it at least a thousand times, and decided to give it a try.
I went in, placed my order, and after about 15 minutes, was on my way home.
The inside is cozy, there is a new hookah lounge upstairs (not technically the same business), for those who might be interested in that.
The tables inside were pretty low key, but the kitchen area is open except for some glass, so you get to watch your food prepared while you wait which is always a nice touch.
Some people don't like that, but I do, it forces restaurants to practice more hygienic practices because customers can see more.
The young lady who rang me up was helpful and friendly.
The gentleman who gave me my food, apologized for the wait (15 minutes is not long in my book, but maybe for some it is), and said that calling ahead is a great option if you're ever in a hurry in the future.
I ordered a lamb and chicken shish kabob.
They were both DELICIOUS.
Many kabobs in this city are incredibly bland and under seasoned, definitely not the case here.
The rice was also well flavored.
The green sauce that was at the counter where you pick up your food was perfectly spiced and I put it on EVERYTHING!
I appreciate the fresh lemon wedge that was included in my to-go container.
My only real complaint was the price.
It was more than $17 for two kabobs, which I thought was on the expensive side.
If they took their prices down around $2, I'd be here way more often that is good for my wallet...
Lawry's is everything a good restaurant should be.
We came here to celebrate our anniversary and Lawry's made our night unforgettable.
Their service was impeccable- from the sweet hostess who was unfazed when we arrived 30 minutes late to our reservation, to the warm friendly bartender who chatted us up like we were old friends, to the waiter who was not condescending in the least bit, to the busboys who guided me back to my table when I drunkenly stumbled into the kitchen.
The food was solid.
The prime rib was balanced with just the perfect amount of richness and seasoning.
I ordered a medium and it was a true medium- the edges were seasoned and done well while the interior was still a soft pink and juicy.
My date loved the Yorkshire pudding, I wasn't really a fan, but it was airy and puffed up to perfection.
The mushrooms were rich and earthy, the perfect accompaniment.
The mashed potatoes were smooth, creamy, and deliciously well seasoned.
No bland taters here.
All in all, we had a truly wonderful evening at Lawry's LV.
We decided to skip dessert because we were stuffed and totally satisfied, so our waiter went the extra mile and boxed up a mini cake for us saying that we couldn't leave without something sweet on our anniversary (!!)
Major points up for this, we were an intoxicated mess that night and he should've just shooed us out the door.
I left with a huge smile on my face and a slightly renewed faith that there are still nice people in the world.
I loved this place!!
First, my drink was delicious!
I ordered the bellini and it was definitely one of the best that I've ever had--kind of fizzy, but so good!
The bread and butter was hot and delicious!
I didn't LOVE the Field Salad, but it was okay.
But I did LOVE my steak and french fries!
When asked how I wanted my steak prepared, I said Medium.
The waiter suggested Medium Rare since it's a thin hanger steak.
I'm so glad he suggested that.
It was perfectly cooked for me!
And I would love to try the dessert one day!
Looks delicious as well!
I purchased the Groupon and I honestly shouldn't have.
I could've painted my nails better at home and saved $30.
It was a rush job.
The nail polish isn't even covering the full nail on some nails and other nails, the polish covers the entire nail and a lot of skin too.
I had to ask her to clean up the nail polish on both my hands and feet.
A customer should never have to ask that question, the nail tech should be able to see that themselves and fix it.
Well, she cleaned it up... and there is still polish on my skin surrounding my nails.
Needless to say, I won't go back.
I will honestly state that the pre installation process can be a bit disorganized.....BUT

I recently had Paradigm Luxury Vinyl Plank flooring and new mouldings installed on Saturday, March 24, 2018 and I spoke with Marshall about obtaining his best installation team since I'm quite hard to please.
Well the installation went flawlessly, they had a can do attitude, listened intently,  did a fantastic clean up with every piece of plank and moulding meticulously placed!
To me the quality of the installation and competitive pricing is of most importance and Cloud delivered!
I have been going to Timeless for just shy of two years.
Amanda is my tattoo artist.
I have about 10 hours of work done so far with her.
Every time she has impressed me with her ideas.
I come in with an idea, she makes it freakin awesome.
From american traditional to Harry Potter she knows wassup.
Clean shop, friendly atmosphere and you want a place that has experience and won't BS you, than Timeless is def a the choice you want to make.
My family and I love this place.
The food came out fast and nice customer service!
We been coming here for five years now!
We refused to go anywhere else, lol we are 3-4 times a week, because I can't cook
I came for a quick bite and just ordered from the appetizer menu.
Things I had:

Sweet Potato Pancakes: these were very interesting and not what I expected.
They appear to be deep fried pouches of a sweet potato purée-like filling.
The balance between crunchy outside and gooey inside is a nice balance.
These are only slightly sweet and I wish weren't so oily.
Beef in Lettuce Cup: the plating was nice but not sure how they got "cups".
I expected lettuce  wraps but received beef with lettuce pieces.
I could not scoop then into lettuce cups as the lettuce was chopped too much.
Flavor wise this was DELICIOUS!
I highly recommend this if you want a lighter low carb dinner, and it's much cheaper than the entrees and the portion isn't too much!
Ambiance: a little dark for my liking and I went during lunch time.
I sat by the window which made it bearable, otherwise it was way too dark.
Visited Captain Steve ' s for the first time today.
There were 11 in our party.
Our servers were great.
They had 2 large parties at the same time.
But we NEVER felt neglected.
Our food came to our table at one and it was all HOT!
Everyone received the correct food, our drinks were maintained full, and the amount of food was generous.
We order fish, shrimp, broiled items, & steaks.
Smiles all around.
I WILL return whenever I visit the Charlotte area.
2015 St. Patrick's Day Festival highlights: Saturday morning parking was available for free at 1) Parking Garage near City Hall, located at Basic Road and Lead Street.
Accessed from Basic Road and 2) Parking Garage near Justice Facility, located at Water Street, near Basic Road.
Accessed from either Water Street or Texas Avenue.
A must see is the  Carrolier Academy of Irish Dance!
The children participated in the parade and scheduled events throughout the weekend.
Led by Debbie Carroll and Shelley Locklier, the two dancers have Irish dance teaching credentials; both teachers travelled the world with Michael Flatley's Lord of the Dance.
Fun for the children included the ferris wheel and carousel.
Since the Las Vegas Valley does not have a permanent ferris wheel and carousel to ride, we enjoyed taking a twirl on both.
Ferris wheel tickets were 4 tickets per person.
Carousel tickets were 3 per person, but an adult is free if standing next to small children who are on the ride.
Each ticket = $1.25.
I would like to see a greater use of food trucks.
We saw pizza, Mexican, Filipino, hot dogs, cupcakes, and snowcones.
Come on Las Vegas Valley food culture, come out and show us what you offer.
My favorite (sentimental) ice cream spot in all of Arizona!
$4.95 for two big scoops of ice cream, chocolate sauce, malt crumbs, whipped cream, and a cherry?
The Dusty Road Sundae is terrrrrific.
The average sundae is $6.50, but that's a steal compared to other places.
They have about 10 traditional-ish ice cream flavors, the prices are reasonable, the storefront is classic, the interior is huge with comfy booths, and there is a small-ish arcade in the back.
Only a 10-minute walk from Scottsdale Stadium into Old Town Scottsdale.
If you're reviewing this place based on the food, you're missing the entire point of the Sugar Bowl.
It's a 1950s ice cream parlor, not a modern ice cream store with fancy new flavors.
I live in Austin, TX and have an old 1992 Porsche 968.
When I need parts for my car I call these guys directly.
They find or get what I need for my car, and at a great price.
Lots of Porsche dealerships and parts departments don't even know what a 968 is till they punch it up on there computer.
Next time I'm in Las Vegas I'm gonna go see the people at Gaudin!
Maybe they'll let me test drive a GT3 RS!
!
Whenever we have out of town guests...we visit RWB.
Everyone is always impressed and always LOVE whatever they order.
Be sure to check out the specials - there are some yummy, yummy things listed there!
The portions are HUGE!
Been to this a couple of times.
Excellent food at good prices.
Love the tea they provide at the end.
Nice friendly staff definitely a place to visit
I used to go this office, but as other reviewers have noted, they made a pair of glasses wrong (one lens blurred, could not read with that eye), and then told me, well, your other eye will compensate so you can still read.
Really????
What a great way to handle an error in the production of the glasses.
When I objected to being relegated to reading with one eye with my new glasses, the reply was..."Well, then you'll have to see the Dr. again, and no, he is not available now."
No offer to look up his schedule and see when I could see him again, or see if another Dr. could see me then to resolve it.
After the poor response to the problem (you would think they would have some professional way to deal with when glasses come back from the mfr/lens maker and there is an unexpected issue).
I told them I'm not a patient here any longer and took my useless glasses home and resolved to find a quality optometry office and start over.
I did call back and spoke with an Office Mgr, who stated she would look into the matter and get back to me, but never did.
So I called again and toild them to toss my file out and not contact me again for any future appts.
Another thing about their exams.....as part of your exam, they offer to take optional (extra cost) retina photos so you can also have a look at your retinas on a computer screen with the Dr., using a clumsy cube-shaped camera.
You sit there and they have you smush your face up against a flat glass panel on the front while they take repeated attempts to get a good photo of your retina.
They charge extra if you want this option.
Then they raised the price, and I declined due to raising the price.
They were charging plenty for that option already.
I moved to a different office that does not charge anything extra at all for the retina photos, and uses a better camera than the camera cube, so no more smushing my face against a flat glass window.
(Note: using fake name here for privacy protection from internet identity thieves.)
Came here on a Saturday for dinner.. there was a wait for a table so we decided to sit at the bar for a drink until the table was ready.
Ended up ordering food at the bar and giving away our table because Emily was so cool!!
Seriously, my favorite bartender.
EVER.
Attentive but not annoying.
Handled everything (being the only bartender there) very well.. timely and efficiently.
Drinks: Moscow Mule and Vietnamese Donkey
BOTH SO GOOD.
Food: Lobster Pho.. 5 stars.
Delicious
Ox Tail Fried Rice: 5 stars.
Really good, and actually had good chunks of meat and a yummy over easy egg on top.
Fried calamari: big portion (we had leftovers) really good kinda spicy dipping sauce!
Overall, 5 million stars
Food was really good, but $14 for a carry-out Greek salad seemed kinda pricey...
After being a regular at Veggie House i thought it be cool to try Chef Kenny's.
We went there a couple times and usually had a great experience until most recently we ordered spicy crispy beef and it came out cold and we told the waitress.
All they do is bring you hotter rice but pretend not to hear you about your request.
I called back to share my experience and was in shock.
They actually put Chef Kenny on the phone which At first I thought was cool.
Completely different than I expected, instead of being understanding the owner himself was very rude and told me next time I come in and of this happens to let him know but that's there's nothing more he can do because we already left.
I'm sorry but there will not be a next time because I'm going back to Veggie house where they treat customers with respect.
I also unfollowed Chef Kenny on Instagram as well.
Five stars all the way for this property!
I stay here at least a couple of times a year, and for one of Marriott's limited service brands, the staff here really go out of their way.
For example, when I changed reservations in the middle of our stay, they got me a better room and actually moved our luggage to the new room while we were out for the day.
They also address me by name when I come and go.
In particular, the woman at the front desk on weekday mornings is delightful, as are the two guys who work overnight.
I had even provided some constructive feedback the last time I stayed, and one of them remembered me and still treated me very kindly.
Even at the breakfast, the woman comes over, clears my plate, and asks if she can get me anything else.
I have never had anybody speak to me at a limited service hotel morning breakfast buffet before!
I also observe whenever I am in the lobby.
This level of service is not just provided to me because I am gold elite.
Everyone is greeted with a smile, a kind word and a willingness to help.
Q&D: Some of the best Chinese I've had in AGES!
Great atmosphere too.
Long & Fishy:  

I'd be surprised if you could walk by this place in Caesars and not notice the huge fish tanks filled with hundreds of goldfish, it's unreal.
People stop just to take pictures of the tanks.
We came in to grab some dinner and I have to say I honestly wasn't expecting much based on the yelps I read.
My experience was nothing like everyone else.
Our server was nice and friendly, the menu was big, the atmosphere was ultra cool, and the food rocked.
The one downside was that the food did take a few minutes longer than I expected, but when it did finally come, boy was it worth the wait!
Would I go here again?
If I ever stay at Caesars again, sure.
Should you go here?
Yes, it's pretty darn good Chinese.
,
Sam
Some really great produce prices, which are what pulled us in.
We got a newspaper flyer from them last week and decided to check it out, based on that.
Still, I kept thinking, isn't this the place [friends of ours] went to and said wasn't that great??
The produce is priced well but it seems like everything else is on the high side.
Bulk food section was small-ish, I though.
I meant to bring a pen and paper to write down prices of items I usually buy, to compare RBN, WF, TJ's, and EEFCO - but forgot.
But long grain brown rice was $1.99 here, which is same as EEFCO.
I think walnuts are more at RBN, though.
Basically - don't believe the low price claims!
I think we may go back for produce and that may be it.
Free parking is nice, though - they cover 2 hours, which would give you a little time to wander, too.
Parking is covered which is oh so nice.
One negative for families is no changing table in the bathrooms.
I had to change a diaper  on the floor of the bathroom on my husband's coat.
Yeah, the floor was pretty clean, but still.
Ugh.
Not a good thing for families!
update - they did eventually add a changing table, but I guess their low priced produce and high priced everything else model didn't make many people happy.
Defunct!
I LOVE THIS PLACE.
ever since i frist tried it in atl.
ok. first thing first.
YOU MUST ORDER COCONUT SHRIMP (unless your allergic!)
we ordered:

onion rings ( A MUST its frikkin huge and the sauce is awesome!)
Crab, Shrimp, Mango and Avocado Stack Crab (its frikkin good as hell.. mix it in the sauce that is circled around the plate they go perfect together!)
Cuban Sandwich (eggs were missing from it for me but the bf said it was good)

1/2 coconut shrimp & Caesar salad.
(like I said the coconut shrimp is to die for ::and if your allergic i mean literally::  the caesar salad was... meh.. the cruton were cute but the salad itself was whatevers.
SERVICE AS USUAL WAS AWESOME!
waiters were nice, patient and quick.
waters were always filled as well.
Well, it's doubtful that I'll ever get to eat at the French Laundry so was happy that we got to try out his more casual, Vegas restaurant, Bouchon.
We ate here on the day before New Year's Eve so that may have been why we easily got a reservation at prime dinner time.
Everything from start to finish was pretty much impeccable.
Sourdough bread in the shape of leaves were brought out immediately with softened butter in a small ramekin.
One thing I hate is when warm bread is brought out with butter that is ice cold and hard to spread on the bread, so I really appreciated that the butter was the right temperature to easily spread.
For a starter, we split the Terrine of foie gras which was delicious.
It has a thin layer of braised beef ground down to a coarse pate texture, then a thin layer of foie gras, then a layer of prune gelee.
Served with crostini and a small frisee salad.
The slightly slightly saltier beef and the creamy foie went so well together.
The prune gelee added that touch of cool sweetness that made it all work together.
A dish I would definitely recommend.
For our entrees, I got the Steak frites, and Mark H had the Leg of lamb (Gigot d'Agneau.)
Mine was hangar steak topped with caramelized onions served with a compound butter and a healthy portion of nicely crispy, thinly cut fries.
The steak was cooked to a perfect mid rare and was tender.
The onions and the compound butter did overpower the steak a bit, though.
Mark H's dish on the other hand, was the better of the two.
The roasted leg of lamb was just so tender and flavorful,  the knife cut through the meat like butter.
The lamb was served with flageolet beans and braised escarole.
Our server asked him when he was ordering if he wanted any sides to go with it since it didn't come with a starch but the beans and escarole was enough for an entree portion.
Besides, I know he wanted to save room for dessert.
For dessert, we split the Banana crepe gateau.
Layers of crepes with banana pastry cream between them, served with salted caramel and french vanilla gelato.
This was pretty amazing as well.
I've had some fantasic gateau de crepes in france and this one really reminded me of being there.
The banana flavor was a bit too subtle for me but that salted caramel was like heaven.
Such an incredible texture to it with that bright kick of salt, damn.
The french vanilla gelato was memorable as well.
Nice silky texture and oh so creamy.
The next time I'm there,  we really have to try their breakfast.
I normally don't bother with dealing health stores but I have wanted to try out a hydrogen peroxide therapy to help detox the body and I didn't want to wait 5 days for shipping from amazon and this place popped up.
It was relatively close to where I was and whole foods doesn't carry the 35% h2o2 so I stopped by here.
Even though the parking was horrible, the store was pretty open and I was greeted by the owner (or I think it was the owner) and he was very friendly.
I asked for my 35% food grade peroxide and he had some, and it was way cheaper than paying for it on amazon.
5 stars for being clutch, and for having cheap prices.
This is a mom and pop store, check them out if you are in the area.
$28 for a 15 minutes pedicure with used tools?
I would never come back.
The place seems new and having 50% back so my friend asked me to join her for a pedicure day treat.
As soon as my friend and I got colors and sat down, there were three other customers came.
There are not too many technicians working at this salon so they started rushing through my pedicure to get to the next customer.
I did not say anything because my friend was beside me so I don't want to make her feel bad .
The technician finished my pedicure in 15 minutes.
After that, she got her small basket and ran to the next customer using the same tools that she used on me.
The tools did not get washed.
I was thinking the tools she used on me was already used on someone else.
I hope I won's have any infections.
I would never come here or let my friend come here again !!
!
I've been to almost every cigar store worth going to in Phoenix and I have to say that the Tinder box has a lot of potential and that's about it.
The store itself is nice but once you enter the huge humidor you quickly realize that somethings not quite right.
the humidor is only 30 to 40%  full and of that 30 to 40% of cigars it's a lot of off brands, bundles and empty boxes of cigars on the shelves.
When the cigar inventory improves the tinder box will warrant another look and probably 4 stars but for now it's 2 stars, you can't call yourself a legitimate cigar store without legitimate cigars.
Great place!
This is our go to place for sushi in CLE.
They have a tuna appetizer that is served in the shape of a heart and is possibly the most refreshing and delicious thing on a hot summer night!
First of all: the pictures on the website are incredibly outdated.
My boyfriend suggested we go here at first, but when I googled it, I exclaimed that I didn't feel like watching the Jays' home opener in a "dumpy ass place".
Imagine my surprise at the nice newly-renovated pics on Yelp!
It's a gorgeous space now.
We live in the area, and I think this is our new go-to bar.
We got a comfy spot in front of a giant TV to watch the Jays game, and our food/drinks were great.
The salmon salad came with a huge piece of fresh, healthy tasting salmon filet.
It was just what I wanted.
The one wrinkle was that I wanted to swap something out of my salad for avocado instead (which came with the grilled shrimp salad but I wanted salmon, and not shrimp).
The server told me they didn't do "those kinds of substitutions" but would check anyway.
He came back, and affirmed that they couldn't put avocado on my salad unless they charged an extra $2.00.
Kind of annoying.
I get that if you're Terroni you can have a "no substitutions" policy but in this case, how about changing that policy?
The server really made an effort though, and said he'd bring over some guacamole instead.
That was much appreciated :) 

The hourly rentals to use the pool and ping pong tables are pretty pricey ($25/hour) but it is a really nice space now, with nice, clean washrooms (important!
), comfy seats, and lots of TVs.
Will be back to watch more sports!
I was excited to try this place after seeing the reviews.
Unfortunately this place was a real let down.
The best thing about this place was the corn tortillas for the street tacos.
Service was friendly.
Ordered the tinga, viniargretta, and carnitas.
All bland and nothing special.
Salsa's ranged from very hot to hot.
Most were hot without any flavor.
We won't be back as there are better options with more flavorful protein and salsas to choose from.
Love the menu, love the service.
I had lunch here on Friday for my first time here.
There was a line of course when I walked in at 12:15 and the place is definitely a little noisy.
Right away someone greeted me and asked if I'd be eating here or taking it to go.
She reserved a table for me and my friend so we didn't have to wander around trying to find a place to sit after ordering (always the worst part of restaurants like wildflower, paradise, etc).
We ended up spending $35 for two people for lunch, but I'm ok with that since we got two salads (both with protein added), iced tea, and fresh juice.
My husband even commented that the food was much better quality that what we'd get at another fast-casual type restaurant.
I ate here again a few weeks later - called my order in and it was ready to go when I arrived.
They even have a separate door and counter for take out.
Not cheap - $22 for lunch, but that's on me for getting salad with chicken, juice, and a brown rice krispy treat.
I was still hungry later that afternoon - portions aren't huge, but quality is top notch.
Hey, I love the Vig Arcadia.
I would go there all the time if it was closer.
Great food, cool place, good atmosphere, and the best band on Sunday.
I even had my birthday party there, with people driving all the way from Gilbert and Queen Creek.
I like the Vig McCormick ranch, same great food and cool atmosphere but still a bit of a drive.
I was so excited there was a Vig being built right in my neighborhood.
I watched the construction progress on my way to and fro work.
I told my friends who didn't know about the Vig how awesome it was and how excited I was to have one close.
It was going to be my number one go to place.
I have been going to Local Bistro, Modern Sports Grill in DC ranch and Isabell's.
Now there would e a Vig which is closer and better.
I went to the Vig and it was ok, I figured they had just opened and they were still hiring and getting organized.
I went  again.
Food was great, bummer no band due to Scottsdale rules but DJ is nice.
Service ok but its busy on a Friday.
I went again, food great as always but service still lacking.
I figured its just busy.
At this point I had gone 4 Friday nights in a row.
Its close great food and I have always loved the Vig.
I don't get why I have to wait so long to get a drink at the bar.
I don't understand why once I get a drink, I'm not offered a refill or second round.
I'm trying to unwind on a Friday night, I don't want to have to work to get the bartenders attention to get a drink.
Ok had my cocktails, now time for dinner.
The food has always been great.
Good taste, good variety on the menu, priced fair.
Why does it take so long to put in my dinner order?
If I have been there 5-7 times, I have had to wait to order too long maybe 5 times.
The food comes out quickly enough and luckily its good since the wait staff doesn't check back.
My friends and coworkers know I go out to eat quite a bit.
I am often asked for recommendations, I had said to go to the Vig but I feel I can't recommend it anymore.
If anything I would say to go somewhere else.
I fell like the McDowell Mountain Ranch location has been open long enough to be running smoothly but its not apparent in the bartenders and wait staff.
Please get better with your service.
I want to love this Vig as much as the others but its getting hard.
I work hard for the money I spend at the Vig and don't like feeling unappreciated as a customer.
I was so excited to try this place after many people recommend this place.
When we arrived we had to wait in the entrance for couple minutes.
Than we were placed at a table and the server came 5 good minutes later.
When he arrived we ordered drink and food.
We had time to visit all the shop and after wait at the table.
The food arrived  and all our meats were dry and hard.
The tabooli tasted like the presley was old... we all left more than the half of our plates and very disappointed..
the most low quality catering in persian catagory.
we had party on persian new year and every one paid for the food to be cater through this place.
the food was not even enough for everybody and the quality was bad.
I feel so bad for this business,
Table of 3 on Saturday March 25 around 8pm.. Well the service was terrible.
.
the host this night took us to a dirty table.
.
that waitress brung one glass of water when clearly all 3 were empty.
Her hair was too damn long and should have been pinned up.. She reaching all over the table and my food..
I couldn't enjoy my meal i was pissed... First time at this location and will not be returning
Food is super fresh and delicious!
Loved everything and wished I had room for more.
Amber took great care of us.
Can't wait to go back and bring more friends and family.
So far one of the best customer service I have had in a while.
Everyone is pretty friendly and helpful, they make sure you are comfortable.
The food is pretty good different compared to other places.
Highly recommended especially if you like seafood.
Everything you eat will be flavorful its like a party in your mouth.
The place is big so it is good for big parties.
Some of my favorites are the 
Oyster 
Pork belly bun 
Steak and eggs 
Oxtail pho 
Slow braised pork belly in coconut juice
Coconut mojito ( verry good!)
must try 
Best of all the big bone soup this a must as well 

The price is also decent considering how good the food is.
Typically don't write reviews  unless the service is really bad or if I had a really good experience.
With all that said Kudos to the staff for such wonderful customer service please do keep it up because for sure my friends and I will be a regular.
:) 
I love that they are open till 4 am on the weekends.
While Cox maybe overprice and give crappy customer service; they are HEAVEN sent compared to these jokers.
I called to get a quote, I made sure to ask him that no service will be started.
I didnt agree on a price or speed.
They started the services anyway.
I called to cancel after I got notified of a pending bill.
$151 still.
If you like your a$$ , stay away.
If I could give negative stars I would.
I think they paid someone to write the 5 stars reviews.
Wow, this baby's got no love on Yelp since 2010!
What's up with that?
Well, you guys are missing out because YUM.
I recently tried the shrimp burger at this cozy little hole in the wall, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it tasted.
I mean, it consisted of  burger buns, lettuce, swiss cheese, onion, tomato, and about 6 sizzling, crunchy shrimp which to my knowledge didn't have too much garnish.
Still, the combination was oddly very satisfying.
I like my food to have a lot of flavour through sauces, herbs and spices, but the dressing wasn't at all necessary.
Great little place.
I've driven by this place countless times on my way to work but finally got the chance to stop by early this afternoon.
There was another couple sitting outside (they only had 2 tables with 2 little chairs outside, so not much of a patio incase anyone was curious).
Anywho, me and my boyfriend took a couple of minutes to decide what to try because there were at least 30 flavors to choose from.
The small and medium give you 2 flavors to try from, the large gives you 3.
He chose the small with coconut and mango gelato and I had the small Oreo and dolce de leche.
The coconut tasted AMAZING.
But the mango was the show stopper, it was amazing.
To anyone who loves the fruit, this is just as good if not better (yes, I went there!)
The Oreo tasted like plain vanilla.
I barely tasted any cookie pieces.
So avoid it unless you want a plain vanilla taste.
The dolce de leche was really good, a little on the sweet side but still enjoyable.
All in all, we paid about $11 for both small gelatos.
It was worth the price and if ever I'm on the danforth and craving something cold & sweet, this is where I'll go!
I would have given this place 1 star if not for the service from the front desk.
I checked in on Saturday during memorial day weekend, waited 30 minutes to try to valet park my car and failed to get on the porte cochere due to mismanagement and understaffed valet crew.
There is no excuse for that kind of thing at a hotel especially where there is no self park option.
Ended up parking across the street at the mall to check in, ridonkulous.
The service at the front desk was good to great, they were apologetic about the valet and whenever I called down for my car (once I was able to valet my car), they fought to have my car ready by the time I got down.
Accommodations are decent, nice big jet tubs, good sized rooms and a mini kitchenette in the studios to boot because these are condotel units.
The location, despite being off strip, is workable because you're walking distance to the Wynn and directly across the street from Fashion Show.
If you're staying here, you probably don't want a casino and so being next to fashion show is a plus.
I can't stress how understaffed this hotel seemed to be and so I probably won't stay here again if I'm paying the same price as a on-strip 4star hotel.
I was able to book at a $100 discount to other comparable hotels with a casino though so something to keep in mind.
Delicious, delicious, delicious.
Zuppa's Deli always has a clean and friendly atmosphere.
Their food is cooked to perfection & ready in a time efficient manner.
They always have kind employees which makes the atmosphere even better.
They offer many options with mixing & matching meals.
Their menu is one of a kind.
5 out of 5.
Last night we had a take out of Butter Chicken.
I ordered it as medium spice.
The butter chicken sauce tasted like sweet tomato sauce.
It reminded me of panera bread tomato soup.
It was that sweet.
Tamarind used to have good delicious food.
I don't mind paying more for delicious food but their quality has gone down.
It's more expensive than other local establishment and food quality has degraded as well.
This is not the place for Italian food.
It is a pretty generic Americanized Italian food chain joint but if you ever want Beignets, come here and order the zappolis...
They call them Italian doughnuts but they are basically just beignets with chocolate dipping sauce and are great!
Other than that...
I sat at the bar and the bartender was super sweet and nice, his name??
but the check said "khutso C."  Sooo, I think his name may have been Chris??
He was great, the staff at the bar were very friendly and cool but there were two guys at the door when I came in that had an attitude problem...
I walked in and said I was going to the bar and they stood there looking at me like "whatever!"??
I mean... Come on, they didn't even have to seat me, thus do their job, so what was up with the shitty looks?
While I was waiting I tried the crispy asparagus app and it was good except it came with this heavy sauce..
I asked for balsamic instead and it was much better!!
Also I have to say they had no problem with me using my small vaporizer at the bar and Chris and the other bartender even complimented me on it;) love a vape friendly bar!!
All in all, for a chain the bar is great but if you want Italian food this isn't the place...
It's like any other national chain, pretty Americanized!
Chris and the other cool bartender should be working somewhere high-end, they were the best part of the visit!
;)
Lakes Lounge is a great place to have a meal.
My husband and I read a review about our neighborhood eatery 4 years ago and have been fans ever since.
We work hard and like to treat ourselves to a great meal and this place competes easily with your top establishments.
The food is exceptional along with the great customer service.
We love all the people who work there but watch out for Brandon...he does not make you feel welcome or gives the excellent customer service as the other employees.
You will absolutely agree when I say that Lakes Lounge is a fabulous place to dine, but just avoid Brandon.
He doesn't do this place justice by being an employee there and probably should re-evaluated.
Maybe the owners should have a secret shopper eat there to understand what I'm talking about.
If it were not for the other staff there I would take our business elsewhere.
Don't let one BAD APPLE...well you know the rest
Another great Port of Subs experience!
The XL #1 on white with double meat!
That's a beast of a sandwich and great value!!!
FYI, a 2 foot sandwich is just a really good deal on two 1 foot sammys.
But you can top them differently so sharing is possible, easy, and probably recommended!
:)

Oh, don't forget to pick up a Port of Subs loyalty card and register it.
Every $100 gets you a free footlong sub of your choice and registering it online earns you a free small sub during your birthday month.
I've always appreciated how fun this place is.
Great food and drinks, but dining here during the day is another experience.
A little too laid-back for those of us who have a limited lunch hour.
Why is it always the "other table" has the fun waiter that is attentive to service?
Food was delicious (when it finally arrived), and as always, the fish tacos were great.
Be careful of filling up on the fresh, warm bread and cinnamon butter while you wait for the main course.
Obviously this practically became our meal while we waited for our waiter to stroll over with our lunch.
If you truly want to experience this place at its best, try the late afternoon, early evening when the sun dips and people are darting in and out of the various stores close by.
Great place to meet with friends and sip mojitos.
This is a great little neighborhood pet food market that also has grooming available.
More on that later.
There are a whole host of foods to choose from including very expensive premium brands.
The staff is always very friendly and helpful and will help you make the choices that you need.
I always give them my phone number each visit to look up the items I got last time and they help me find them, as products do tend to move month to month.
There are lots of fresh made treats and snacks for your furry friends.
They have a groomer on staff, but best of all are self service tubs of various sizes that you can bath your own animals.
Depending on what you pay, you can get different kinds of shampoos and skin conditioners to bath them in - and then move them to a drying tub.
This is a great little mom and pop place.
My adorable but klunky big puppy from the local shelter accidentally locked me out of my car while I was removing the trash bins from the driveway.
I was locked out, blocking the road, during a freezing Madison winter night.
The dog (and a second, her small dachshund brother) were really scared.
Really not fun.
I called Marvin, the owner of M&M.
He sped over and rescued all of us.
Within 45 minutes I was back in my house, all curled up with the dogs, and the road was clear for others to use.
Marviin provides quality service with Wisconsin friendly charm.
No hesitation to recommend him for any vehicle-related emergency.
I had heard great things about flower child and wanted to go and on the way home one day I saw a sign that said to come get take out.
I decided to try because I wasn't really in the mood to cook.
The restaurant is beautiful.
Great outdoor and indoor space.
Kombucha on tap!
The have a separate window for takeout orders.
They have a 2 different family meals, a larger one and a smaller one.
The regular family $39 for chicken and it comes with 3 large sides of your choosing.
The larger meal comes with 4 large sides.
The chicken was chicken breast cut into slices.
The three sides I got were the sweet potatoes (4 stars), the Indian cauliflower (4 stars), and the corn quinoa( 5 stars).
The quinoa corn creamy concoction is like crack.
I love when places have family meals like this!
Fantastic service, atmosphere and food.
We ate until we couldn't anymore.
My first visit here was spring break in college and my roommate who had not eaten steak in years (he went veg for a while) decided he would break down and try it since we were in such a highly regarded steakhouse.
He loved it and raves about it to this day.
Good times.
Spent only one night here and the main reason is because they're pet friendly.
Our room was the Queen suite that had a stove and full size refrigerator and pullout sofa bed.
Check in and check out was a quick and easy process.
Free continental breakfast which, according to my brother, is pretty decent and they offered good food.
Overall, decent and quiet place.
Far from the strip, which is good if you're not into partying and the Vegas nightlife.
The pizza wasn't very warm when it arrived (they didn't use the warming bag at time of delivery) and the order was wrong, but the pizza tasted good.
Seriously, where are the vegetarian options?
All the dishes (even the salads) have either meat, fish, poultry or eggs in them.
I have heard that this place is good from my friends but I can't join them since there is nothing for vegetarian or vegan people to eat here.
Vegetarianism is becoming more popular everyday and restaurants like this one have to learn to adapt and cater the needs and wants of people becoming vegetarians or vegans.
Sadly, this is one of many restaurants who fail to understand this change.
There are very few places where vegetarian or vegan people can have a proper meal.
I'll come here only when there is a proper vegetarian/vegan menu in place.
Parking is tough to get here so I don't get to go much.
I also get a little cautious sometimes as they frequently have multiple questionable looking characters.
Pro's:
- Legendary fries that used to be super huge and gave you great value for your buck
- Good burgers
- If you drink, it looks like they have a lot of different kinds of alcohol

Con's:
- Customer Service?
Hahaha.
Not here.
If you can get more than a fart out of one of the twin's working there, you are ahead of the pack.
- Dirty, messy tables, crap everywhere.
- Many questionable characters here.
Someone once asked me if I wanted to buy stolen jewelry off them while I was eating.
I'm being totally honest too.
- Their french fry portions have gotten smaller.
They used to need two baskets for a large fry and now only need one.
- Really expensive hot dogs.
- They have strict limits on ketchup.
No I'm not joking.
2 for large fries, 1 for anything less.
I do recommend getting their legendary fries at least once and I do recommend the egg burger, but get it to go and go when it is light out.
I was really excited to eat at this place because it looked so nice from the outside and the yelp reviews were all great.
I was incredibly disappointed in their sushi because even though the fish was real..not imitation..it tasted very old.
I'm from the pacific northwest and we have amazing seafood...so I should have known desert seafood wouldn't have been very good.
Just took some of my old Army gear in there to sell.
Very friendly staff and very hard to fight the urge to start shopping.
This place is loaded with a lot of different things I noticed while just standing at the counter.
This is a must go back and walk around looking at everything they have to offer.
My dog nips at men so I was terrified of having a man groom.
But she sheds a lot so my fiancé made the appointment and I'm glad he did.
First off, the prices are a steal.
Secondly, the man who groomed her was amazing he was super nice and my dog was calm with him.
My chihuahua/terrier usually has a lot of anxiety around people and she was nervous at first but didn't bite and by the time I came back she was really calm.
We came in to get her trimmed so she wouldn't shed so much over the summer and he did a really good job.
I will definitely be back!
Second brunch visit.
Loved the Hash and the Eggs Benedict.
Great atmosphere.
Nice service.
I will be back again.
SCAMMERS!
If you pay your tab in cash...make sure you DO NOT forget your card (credit or bank).
If you do, when you go back to pick it up, they'll charge your card for the total amount of your bill...

AND...you may find additional fraudulent charges like I did.
I

n the day that management had my card someone purchased an item from  Barnes and NobleCredit and a Credit Report.
Now that's customer service.
I called Garcia Bail Bonds and when the call was answered I was greeted "Speak"...
I proceeded to ask a question about the type of bond I was looking for.
The reply was an angry "what the hell are you talking about?"
I let the person answering know they must not want to make any money talking to customers like that and hung up.
I may not have known what I was talking about since I have never had to bail anyone out before, however the three other bail bonds companies I called prior with the same question were able to provide me an answer minus the horrible attitude.
Why would I ever set foot in a business who can't even handle the simple task of answering a phone call.
Update* In response to the reply.
A.
Of course you are " lost why I feel that way."
You think its normal to answer a phone call  at a place of business with the greeting "Speak" and reply to questions with "what the hell are you talking about"'

B.
You do not remember anything.
I never said anything about 3% or California.
I ONLY asked for a specific type of bond, (because not all bond companies are able to provide this specific type of bond) and your reply was "what the hell are you talking about".
After that short conversation I terminated our conversation as stated in my review, so there was NO talk of California or 3%.
I only included my experience with other bail bonds companies in my REVIEW to highlight how easy it was for me to call another business and not be treated so rudely.
C. Thank you for letting me know how poor your customer service is so quickly.
Made the decision to go else where easy.
I write this in hopes that someone else will not get stuck with your company before they get a taste of your horrible customer service.
Surprised they didn't open earlier in a Sunday but it was worth the wait to get in.
Always want to try something new but couldn't pass up on the eggs Benedict.
The sauce is consistently the same and the Mancini bread has something to do with the experience I think.
Sometimes the eggs get overdone but one of the most consistent places for Benedict.
Finding a solid spot to get a quality cut can be a challenge sometimes, look no further!
Cutting edge II is the spot.
G always gets me right and in a timely manner.
From beard trim, to razor fade, to line ups I've never been let down.
Thank you for bettering the community of southern highlands!
ATTENTION DOWNTown: this place has amazing food.
the complicated order sandwich, the split pea soup, delicious!!!
no words to describe, if you love your tastebuds treat them to this cafe.
A new fav for sure!!!
Loving the concept of building a bowl with various hummus, meat, veggie and grain choices!
I cannot wait to go back and try something else!!
Good gluten free options and beyond for other allergies too!
Courtney is the best waxer I've ever had!
I've been getting waxed for over a decade, and she's the only esthetician that I didn't have a reaction afterward.
I think it has to do with her all-natural approach to her wax and products.
She's gentle, super nice, and her salon is very clean.
I'd highly recommend her!
We love this place.
Service is always good and food is delicious.
Korean pancake and Meat Chun are my favorites.
It is very small and the coffee/tea is self-serve.
But, it was very good.
I always take it as a good sign when the menu is small.
Usually, it indicates fresh ingredients and flavourful dishes.
Will go back :)
I've been going to Bihlu and Kusums restaurant for over 25 years.
The original location was at about 52nd McDowell(it was a treat after squaw peak hike with da)( but they have been at the current location for probably the last 20 years.
They have a good mix of North Indian and South Indian food.
Masala dosas have always been one of my favorites things to get.
The vegies and sambar are always fresh as well.
The title may not say it here but they are just as famous for all the amazing sweets they make as well.
Indians from all over town order it by the tray but if you arent sure what you want to order ask them to sample it.
Jalebi barfi and laddu are some of my go to's.
I'm an american born and raised indian so I'm suggesting some of the more tame whitewashed options.
The service is quick and the staff is always attentive.
You'll see an crowd of ASU kids definitely during cricket matches but they also have indian music videos playing throughout the day.
Before I forget my favorite thing to get from there to go is pani puri!.
Picture a cracker like hollow bubble with potatoes chickpeas and a spicy sauce.
yes my mouth is watering just describing it.
I put in mint chutney and tamardind chutney.
Im confident you have will a few items that you love and will have again and again.
The server had an extensive knowledge of wines & their various menu selections and it was clear that we were her top priority.
The pizza and dessert were amazing.
My only complaint is that the chairs were uncomfortable, I think they could add some more comfortable seating to give this more of a "wine bar" feel.
Otherwise everything was amazing!
A disappointing cacophony of in-your-face flavors.
Having tried two of the pastas and the gnocchi, my impression is that these dishes are the food version of jazz improv - discordant and overwhelming.
Like the music, I can see how the Pasta Bar dishes may appeal to many, particularly those who favor flavor intensity and/or creativity over all else.
For my taste buds, this was overload.
Interesting yes, but I can't say I found it good.
Here are some details:  
Pasta and gnocchi - both are quite heavy and substantial.
I prefer a more tender pasta and pillow-light gnocchi.
Maybe after running a marathon the high-density pasta would hold more appeal.
Sauces - Here is the in-your-face part.
The gnocchi sauce is spicy, overwhelmingly so for me (although I do freely admit to being a hot chili wimp).
Despite my personal intolerance to hot food, a more delicate approach would have been better.
The le Sarde sauce sounded interesting, mainly because I love sardines, but my taste buds could not get over the bizarre combination of strong flavors vying for attention.
I could not even pick out the taste of the sardines amongst the culinary noise.
And what is with the dried hunks of bread?
I could not get beyond the oddness of this one.
The carbonara was an intense combination of garlic and black pepper flavors, and probably the dish I enjoyed most of the three.
Even on this one, the garlic was out of this world in intensity.
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.
The ingredients all appeared fresh and high quality.
And the food is indeed interesting - this is no boring spaghetti/lasagna place.
As a matter of taste, I'm going to have to pass on Pasta Bar.
For the price, I'll be looking for more of a flavor symphony.
If culinary improv and high-density pasta is your thing, check it out.
The food here is very good, but not great.
I had the enchiladas reynas.
Again good, but not great.
Could have done with some more flavors.
We had salsa and chips, guac, and margaritas.
Margarita was ok. Guac was yummy.
Chips and salsa were excellent.
I would give this place a strong 4 stars for food and atmosphere.
The place had a very nice atmosphere though was a bit loud.
The reason for the 3 stars was the service.
While they were extremely nice when asked for anything, we had to ask, often.
Missing parts of our orders, incorrect items on check and a standard dinner of drinks, apps, and entrees took over 2 hours.
A few more servers would really bring this place up a notch.
Would I go back?
Yes.
The menu is flushed out enough and the food was tasty.
Would enjoy trying the fajitas server in a half pineapple one other party
Member had.
The time has finally come, THE IMPOSSIBLE BURGER is here!
The burger is plant based but is said to bleed, smell and taste like meat.
My husband and I got it and now we feel like we want to order different burgers but substitute for the impossible patty every time!!!
It was delicious!
It's a different texture but there is so much flavor and you don't feel so heavy after eating it.
When feeling a little guilty but still craving starch, I will order sweet potato fries but unfortunately never fully be satisfied.
Not this time!
The sweet potato fries were crispy, lite made perfectly!
On top of our delicious meal I love the different ketchups.
Seems simple but it's the simple things in life that we appreciate most!
Also the staff was awesome!
Very friendly and attentive.
Food was great!
Loved the pepperoni rolls and the zamboni fries!
Service was sub par.
They hustled at first; however the server entirely forgot our pizza.
When we inquired, she proceeded to blame it on the kitchen.
She never apologized, nor did she offer a discount.
She coerced us into paying our tab and did not offer to get us any additional food or beverage.
Furthermore, she did not pass on to another server that we intended to stay and eat and drink-even though we explicitly stated that.
We stayed for 45 minutes waiting to order more food and have our drinks refilled.
Our plates were cleared and we were not offered additional food/drink.
No one addressed us.
L

Overall: good food, bad service.
Ok so I've come here a couple times for breakfast the first time my order was wrong I figured a fluke, I go again and yet again my order is wrong.
Sucks because it's close to my job and I like it but I doubt I'll come back to this location.
Nothing worse than having your food wrong.
I found this restaurant to have a great atmosphere.
Dark, perfect for a romantic date with your partner, not a first date.
I see people giving it bad reviews for the fact that the sushi wasn't great, but really the place is called China Grill, what made you think that it is a good place to get sushi.
That is like going to Pizza hut for a taco, doesn't make sense.
Had a couple of drinks, an appetizer, and two entrees for under 80 bucks.
Great deal.
Tyler is amazing!!!!
Had my makeup done for my wedding and I never felt so pretty!
I sent him some looks I liked, and he went above and beyond.
The whole process was so easy!
Totally will use them again in the future!!!!
!
Recently had my sons birthday here.
I like this place much better than Sky Zone!
It's much more open and not crowded, even with open jump and other birthday parties.
Our hostess was awesome.
They customize shirts for the birthday boy.
Our hostess drew an awesome Super Mario shirt.
The birthday party included a private dodge ball game which was so much fun.
We played a few rounds and then she let us jump privately because there was no party after us.
The place feels so clean.
They have a free place for your shoes and belongings and seats all around so you can watch your kids jump if you aren't jumping too, where at Sky Zone you see parents standing at the entrance or sitting on the ground in those narrow walkways.
The regular jump area is nice and open and they have a separate netted off area for younger kids that the parents can also jump in.
Unlike Sky Zone that have small kids to one side, 8-10 yr olds in the middle and adults to the other side.
It's very sensory friendly also.
I wish FEAT would consider hosting family nights there.
I only wish they would open a location closer to my side of town.
Great Sushi by far the best I have had in Charlotte....Don't waste your money on all the high priced sushi places in charlotte.
Higher prices does not mean better sushi !!!
I have tried them all in charlotte and 18 Asian is the best !!
!
Outstanding service and food!!!
My family and I will be back.
Best Mexican food I have ever eaten, hands down!
When I walked into Epicure Cafe today it was like bizarroland - like when you come home from vacation and sense that everything isn't in its right place.
You know you're at home, but someone's moved something, rearranged the furniture, or otherwise changed things ever so slightly but just enough to make you suspicious.
This wasn't the Epicure Cafe that I remember from three or four years ago.
I learned from Jackie, our cutesy server who was a total dupe for actress Clea DuVall, that a few years ago Epicure changed locations.
To a few doors down farther east on Queen, on the same side of the street.
Which explains the slightly-different-but-not-quite layout, decor and seating.
It was a pleasant surprise.
I didn't venture upstairs but I was told there's an outdoor eating area that will have to be explored on my next visit.
The menu options are, like others have said, a bit overwhelming.
But for the fussy eater (I was with one of them) there was no lack of choice - Epicure has everything from pasta (17 choices, including different sauces and shapes), burgers, pizza, wraps and another full page of duck/veal/lamb/chicken options.
I appreciate the selection but it could stand to be honed a little!
Luckily Jackie was able to recommend favourites when we showed indecision.
My eyes went straight for the Pumpkin Ravioi ($14), which I was assured was "not a mistake".
And it wasn't.
I barely looked up my from my plate as I feasted my eyes on the glorious, pillowy ravioli on my plate.
They were seasoned with ginger and nutmeg, tossed in parmesan cream sauce with grilled corn, wilted spinach and mushrooms.
The mushrooms were perfectly sauteed, the spinach was wilted just right and the corn was fresh and added the exact amount of crunch that the dish needed.
The portion wasn't skimpy either - at some restaurants when you order jumbo ravioli you get 3-4 pieces, but this was more than double the size.
Good value for the money.
I was more than tempted by the dessert board (tartufo, ice cream, tiramisu, Grand Marnier cheesecake or crème caramel, Belgian chocolate mousse, apple crumble) but unfortunately dinner left me positively STUFFED.
After seeing that Epicure is now open until 1 or 2am every night I know where I'll be heading for late night dessert!
"River, we see that you haven't Yelped in a while, what the one place that you want everyone to know about?"
This.
Is.
It.
Everyone has that one vegetarian friend, right?
They're always there on your tail making it so you and your friends can't get your McRib on at the local McD's and you have to make sure to reiterate her order with "NO BEEEEEF, SUB BEANNNNNS" at TB.
Geez..
But there's no need to fear, Veggie House is here!
I've tried a variety of dishes here and I've yet to be disappointed; Pan-Fried Noodles, Mongolian Beef, Wonton Soup, Beef Ramen, Sweet and Soup Chicken, Jasmine tea, BUN ROLL!!
You need to order a fried bun roll..
Thank me later.
This place is vegan/vegetarian and they serve no meat.. What?
Yes.
I tell my bestie every single time that they should put quotes around all their meat products so people don't get so darn confused.
Their meat, it's not real- but trust me, it's a good thing.
Especially when it just hits the table, it'll have you scratching your head.
Once it cools, the "meat" starts to get a bit of texture, but it still pretty great.
If you have the thing and you can't do textures, you're probably safer sticking to something with veggies instead.
All the food I've had here has been really great, even if the service is a little shoddy.
Don't let that deter you.
Get the bun roll.
I'm serious.
Awesome, awesome, awesome!
Food was great and potion size was more then enough.
Service and helpfulness was as well a pulse from Jo.
Great place will defiantly will be going back!
Did I mention inexpensive as well.
It is a cute little place with very friendly staff; however, I went there on three different occasions and was disappointed with the quality of the food.
I tried the cheddar and broccoli quiche which was terribly bland (no salt and pepper or nutmeg, no noticeable cheese or broccoli flavor, just bland egg and dough).
Another time I had the grilled cheese sandwich - same problem, bland and greasy.
If they improved their food, it would be perfect.
The photos posted of the rooms are definitely NOT indicative of the room I stayed in except for the one of the broken electrical socket.
The plug for the tub didn't fit properly hence I couldn't take a bath, the electrical socket was broken and didn't seem to even work enough to charge my cell phone or the portable charger, there was bird poop all over the window of my room, there was food sitting outside the rooms next to mine from room service for the ENTIRE time I was there, and the breakfast buffet was bad.
The lettuce in the salad bar was wilted, the scrambled eggs were runny, the "soup of the day" wasn't labeled.
It may have well been mystery soup as it had a creamy base but with random spinach like veggies and tasted a bit over salted.
For the over all price I payed for both the room(almost $200 for a MONDAY til TUESDAY, 1 day stay), I could have stayed at a better kept or newer casino.
The last time I stayed at the Flamingo was probably about 15yrs ago and it was better kept back then than it was now...Maybe they spent all the gambling revenues towards the birds and fishes in the courtyard as there were only flamingos there the last time I stayed there.
Honestly I expected a lot more from this restaurant due to rave reviews of the others in the area.
I ordered a burrito with steak and the quinoa brown rice.
It was obvious the steak wasn't super fresh; it was kind of cold.
The burrito, although super large, didn't have too much flavor and the quinoa brown rice was pretty unappetizing.
The dining area was pretty dirty too, tables had food all over them and hadn't been cleaned for a while.
I would  give this another try and order something different but until then the 2 stars stands.
I enjoy coming here several times a week to eat, drink, party and sing karaoke.
The managers John and Jose are great and the staff are attentive and fast.
Food is good but to some it might seem a  "little" pricey but pricing is standard and to be expected of any place on the Las Vegas strip so hotel guests need to take advantage of any deals/specials.
The sound system is awesome.
The amount of Vince Neil memorabilia is amazing and he is at the restaurant on occasion like his birthday this past February.
My wife and I went there last night to celebrate my birthday.
It was our first time there so we were very excited to try another dining spot at the M resort.
We arrived at our reservation time and the hostess was very nice and polite and showed us to our table which was in the back of the main dining room, which was perfect because it was away from all of the action and private.
Our server Dave and his team were on point from the start.
They got us everything that we ever could want and or needed.
They were very friendly and amazing and made us feel like we were their only guests of the evening.
The food was amazing and the portion sizes were impressive.
When Dave said that most people order one vegetable and one starch for the table he didn't lie.
The side dishes were impressive.
Starters

Beef Carpaccio - 4.5 Stars - Only complaint was too much Mache Salad
Lobster Bisque - 5 Stars - Nice Lobster Flavor - Not Fishy at all
Seafood Louie Salad - 5 Stars - Seafood Cooked Perfectly, Perfectly Seasoned

Entrees & Sides

Bone In Filet - 4.5 Stars - Needed more seasoning before hitting the grill
Australian Lobster Tail - 5 Stars - Cooked and Seasoned Perfectly
Mac N Cheese - 4 Stars - Just Needed a Little more Seasoning
Creamed Corn - 5 Stars - Best Creamed Corn Ever
Tater Tots - 5 Stars - Crispy & Full of Flavor

Desserts

Peanut Butter Pie - 5 Stars - Perfect Way to End Dinner
Chocolate Souffle - 5 Stars - Light, Airy and Full of Flavor

At the end of the day  we had an amazing time and the restaurant exceeded all of our expectations.
We will be back again soon.
We regularly went to Marche Bacchus for many years.
The French food was excellent without being too expensive.
I used to eat their filet mignon.
They changed their chef and booom, no good anymore.
Because we love the ambiance so much, we still went and had their pate, french fries and their wonderful crispy baguette/brea that is the foundation of French food.
Now they changed their pate, taste like the one at Vons, they do NOT have their crispy bread anymore, but a mushi bred like in any cheap restaurant.
The American owners who bought from the French owners DO NOT UNDERSTAND what French food is.
The ambiance is stil great, the service is amicable but the food remind me of Mary Calenders.
Shame on you for not maintaining the quality of food we had when you took over.
High price, low quality and bad taste.
It's not Chinese food nor American food.
Don't recommend it.
Musicals suck, except this one!!
Puns, fun, songs and a gun.
Fake (?)
blood, masks that look like bone, make sure you sit in the splatter zone.
"Candarian Deamons" was my favorite number, they couldn't have made this show much funner!
If you like the evil dead movies, check this out, it's truley groovy!
GO SEE IT
Hair Classic is a great value for a haicut in the downtown Toronto area.
I was introduced to Hair Classic by a friend and have been getting my hair cut by Yoon for the past six months.
He is superb - quick, friendly, and always delivers a solid and consistent cut.
Overall, excellent value at $20.
Holy "Made fresh at your table" Guacamole!!!
My heart skips a beat just thinking about it.
Tex-Mex fine dining... at it's finest.
Also an important note:  One of my top five places to drink a house margarita.
Was not greeted by any of the three people inside.
When the girl came out from the bathroom the only indication that she was ready to work was her standing behind the register, silent.
Seemed irritated that we were the only customers and interrupting her "down" time.
Good thing the food was great.
I had the lamb kubideh and my wife had the chicken kabob.
both were cooked appropriately.
rice was tasty and the grilled tomato was a nice touch.
I also really like the green relish/salsa like condiment.
First time visit and it was truly amazing.
Every single plate was wonderful.
Great service as well.
We will definitely be back and will spread the word.
Awesome addition to the Pittsburgh food scene.
Had a Blast!
The entire crew at Extreme AZ was extremely nice they set us up, showed us a few things, gave us a map and sent us on our way!
3.5 hours and 50 miles later we were beat!
So worth it!
Despite it being a vegetarian, vegan, and healthy place to dine, their pastrami sandwich with thousand island dressing on rye bread is delicious!
In my opinion, the prices are a bit steep for the type of food.
There aren't a lot of meat options available, but if you are craving something hearty, order the Roo's Romanian Pastrami!
WOW - a good hearty meal.
The quality of the meat seems quite good.
Service is great.
Food may not be very good for me but always nice as a treat once in a while.
The pizza is very, very good!
We arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!
Fantastic friendly service.
Very authentic flavor come thru their food.
This is a great chines restaurant on the NW/N side (centenial hills).
The egg flour and bean curd soups are freshly made with obvious care, not in bulk and sitting in the kitchen for hours!
The place is overcrowded with kitschy things on the walls and in every corner.
We also noticed all the flowers outside were fake and pretty worn out, which made the place look ridiculous, cheap, and unkempt.
So for environment, we would rate it a 2 star.We placed our order online, which was convenient, but when we showed up to pick up our food the place was dead and we couldn't find anyone to help us.
Two employees actually made eye contact with us and then went right back to talking and slacking off.
After about 10 minutes, someone did finally wander up front to get us our order.
We ordered the stuffed mushrooms, Penne San Remo, stuffed shells, and chocolate chip cannolis.
The meal came with french bread but the bread was stale and cold.
The mushrooms weren't too bad.
The sauce was tasty but the stuffing overpowered the mushrooms so it ended up tasting like sharp cheese and sauce.
The penne san remo is supposed to contain artichoke but we only found two chunks of artichoke out of a container with enough food to feed 3 people.
So that was disappointing.
The sauce was also really bland and the chicken was overcooked/rubbery.
The stuffed shells were ok, no major issues, they just weren't worth the price.
Actually, none of the food we got was worth the price.
We paid over 60 dollars for a dinner that was maybe worth 30.
All in all we weren't impressed and won't be returning.
On March 15th my husband & I decided to celebrate his retirement at Lawry's Prime Rib.
We had made reservations for a busy Friday night but due to circumstances out of our control - we called & let them know that we were running a half an hour late!
Well Ms. Carolynn Stevenson greeted us as we again apologized for our tardiness.
She immediately put us at ease, told us she would get us seated as soon as possible, and show us to the bar.
We waited maybe ten minutes when we were called and seated!
Our server turned out to be - in our opinion - the BEST - Mun Froilan!!!!!!
If you want the most awesome dining experience then ask for him when you make your reservation!!!
It is a must!
He makes you feel as if you are the one and only guests he has to please and take care of and everything he did he seemed to truly enjoy!
The restaurant's décor is a 1930's-40's era which I love since the staff's attire also reflects that time period.
You start off with the artisan bread (OMG - SO SO DELISH) and their famous spinning salad.
The prime rib just melts in your mouth!
The cuts we had were good size - Mun made sure of that!
- and I had the mashed potatoes and creamed spinach which was so fabulous.
The dessert cart that he wheeled out looked amazing but we couldn't fit another morsel of food in our mouths!
Highly recommend this GREAT restaurant!
If you haven't tried mackerel, this is the place to be!
Very comfy, never excessively loud.
Environment is pleasant for you to sit down and enjoy good food.
Also note, everything has been cleaned 

Don't judge the book by it's cover, this restaurant appears to be small from the outside but opens up a heck more as you go further.
You will find large televisions hung on the walls frequently broadcasting Korean music videos rather sports or weather forecast is nice for a change.
Song's is definitely at the top of my list for Mississauga's east-end Korean food.
Their pork bone soup & grilled mackerel are an absolute MUST!
Service is quick and staff is very polite.
10/10 very well done guys!
Nice atmosphere.
Excellent Thai curry and interesting other entrees.
My wife got the small portion which she brought home leftovers while I got the larger portion and didn't have any leftover
A store that specializes in cheese curds doesn't have any?
Well, they had bags of jalapeno cheese curds ($5.99 and less), but regular cheese curds were non-existent.
Apparently, I need to return on Thursday's when cheese curd production is higher and they fill all their Costco orders or some explanation similiar.
There is a giant cheese/milk production facility right behind your store and you can't make some more curds or make some more cheese that makes more curds available.
This is basically a waste of a store.
It seems to serve as a sort of a Circle K for the white coated and masked milk employees milling around at the corner of Hardy and Broadway.
Ended up buying $2 worth of jalapeno curds, but they could do alot more with this place than serve grab and go crap like a convenience store.
After making idiot faces through the window at the employees of Spicy Pickle, employees who were most likely tired after a long day of training, my husband and I were invited to lunch the next day- a training activity for the staff.
Only friends and family were invited.
We felt very special- either to be considered part of the Spicy Pickle family, or maybe because we made such ridiculous fools of ourselves at the window that they thought we might be "special" in the other meaning.
Perhaps.
Either way, free lunch.
It's not as though I could give a stinky review to anything given to me for free- I might feel bad- but this was just what the doctor ordered.
Not for the weak at heart.
It's not just a clever name.
Their pickles are actually spicy.
They seems to be lightly dusted with some kind of chile powder.
A nice kick follows a good bite.
I ordered the Dilly something or other.
It was half a sandwich (sub or panini) with a bowl of soup.
I chose the Corn and Green Chile Bisque with the Sausalito Bandito panini.
Delish!
It also passed my spicy- enough- for- me- test.
Yes, I needed multiple napkins for my nose.
I could have taken a little more spice, so next time I might ask them to kick it up a notch, but it was a refreshing foray back to my traveling days when I tried to convince a chef in India that, no, I am actually not white.
I just have REALLY light skin.
Never worked.
Al had the Aztec pizzeti.
Coming from NY, I am particular about pizza.
This looked like it fit the bill.
Very think and crispy crust.
A little too much cheese for my taste, but most people out here like it like that.
She loved it, along with her bowl of loaded potato soup.
Mickey had the Gobbler with a side salad.
When she bit into the panini she made a face that I think should remain in the bedroom.
Enough said.
Bryan had the salad and enjoyed it immensely.
It didn't look like much, but I might have to return when they open tomorrow and try it out for myself.
The croutons did look very appetizing.
One of the attentive staff members made the rounds with a tray of mini chocolate chip cookies.
Fantastic.
Crispy on the outside and soft and gooey on the inside.
Mama like.
All in all, I'll be back.
Probably tomorrow.
And maybe the day after...

AMENDMENT:
OK, so I did go back the next day... and today (which is the following day).
Yesterday I had the tuna salad, which was delish.
Theur tuna is a little kicked up, as it's made with chipotle mayo (but really not too much) and spoicy pickle relish.
Tasty.
It was served over a bed of greens with a lemon olive oil dressing.
Today I had the med sub.
It was ok- nothing out of the ballpark.
I got it with the spoinach salad, which was also delish.
Down to 4.5, but alas no halfs...
Stick with the paninis and the salads.
Maybe the soups too.
I have yet to try the pizzetti... stay tuned.
With many eateries to chose from on queen street we decided to give this place a try seeing how there is usually a line up outside....after waiting 20 minutes outside we were seated at an extremely small stool table.. our waitress took our drink order and it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks.
We ordered 3 dishes and an appetizer.
An hour later our food still had not come.
We flagged our server down and she said it would be 2 more minutes.
10 minutes after that our food arrived all at the same time...including the appetizer and there was barely any room on the table...
I was starving by this point and I decided not to make an issue of the extra long wait time and dig right in.
Now I never leave any food on my plate...ever!
but in this case I could barely get through a few bites of each plate.
The hot dishes were lukewarm and tasted like a 12 year old skater boy carelessly threw some canned ingredients together mixed in with cigarette butts.
It was quite literally the WORST food I have ever eaten in my life.
My husband just ate a few nachos.
I mean imagine me, a pregnant, starving  food loving, happy go lucky person who never leaves food on my plate and I just coudnt eat this stuff.
I chose hunger over this food...and im PreGnant!
When we were done fidling with the food we had to wait another 20 minutes to get someone to flag down our server....finally when she came we had to lie that we are catching a flight just to get the bill at a normal speed.
By this point the whole thing was comical....felt like a joint run by teenagers...absolute joke of a place.
A lesson well learned...just bc there's a lineup...it doesnt make it good.
I actually just got a yelp account to specifically write this review...thats how bad it was.
And I eat out several times a week so thats saying something people.
Very good company to go with for attic insulation.
I called to make an appointment and they were able to come out and do the job within the hour that same day.
Brought my insulation up to code at a very reasonable price!
The two guys that came out were very friendly and courteous.
So i came here for dinner.
The service was outstanding and top notch.
The food portions are very small but it is a high end type of restaurant.
We started with a arugula salad: very fresh and delicious.
Next i had some kind of bread with pork belly avocado and a few other things on top.
It was awesome i never had something like that before.
We drank moscow miles with everything!
Easily one of the best mules i've ever had but it wasn't too strong.
Next we had salmon which was hot and crispy omg he outside.
The dip it came with was good too.
Last we have a small piece of steak: very well cooked and crispy on the outside.
i love when the food comes burning hot it's really so important!
Last i had the banana bread pudding and signature pot dessert.
Both were UHHHAMAAZZZINNG!
Check out my awesome pics!
I'm so sorry to do this to you Capitano and while I love your food most of the time, there are some inconsistencies.
I still want to go here and will come back again soon, but I've probably been here close to 10 minutes and 7 times were phenomenal, 1 time was average, another was slightly below average and 1 was quite dismal.
The last time I came here, while they tried to accommodate me and fix the issue, the fries were hard and not salted enough and the burger tasted very bad.
This is rare and that's why I'm only docking one star, but for some reason, one of the fry cooks didn't add salt to the fries and they always have before.
The cashier said you could ask for salt, but what frustrated me is that they were always perfectly salted before and while I understand some people will say it's too salty, you can't go from quite salty to no salt at all.
That's quite the change.
I have to say, all the bad times I was there, there was one consistency on who was making the food, but I don't want to say who, as they are making a living.
While I love you Capitano, I really hope you can be more consistent.
However, gelato is still da bomb.
Love the mojito.
DO NOT USE THESE PEOPLE!!!!!
I wish I would have looked on here first as now I can to attest to the fact that this company is a total scam!!!
Their website looks so professional and said family business so I figured they would do a good job!!!
I was just charged $760 to rekey 6 locks!!!!!!
Total scam!!!
I am sick at my stomach as I had my elderly parents there to meet them and they totally got taken advantage of!!!!
At my own house in Colorado I had 12 locks rekeyed by a different company and paid $240!!
!
South Point is a very nice hotel and everything is nice since it is only 6 years old.
The room is very clean, big and comfortable with a big flat screen TV.
Everything is modern and new.
Inside the hotel, there is a movie theater and bowling center.
The buffet is very cheap and they gave out a lot of coupons like a free cocktail, a free sovenior at gift shop, 50% coupon for Garden buffet.
It is a very nice hotel.
Let me start by saying that we had a very fun dinner; however, the sushi quality is just mediocre.
The Turning Japanese martini was fantastic.
The highlight of our meal 
were the drinks and the dj during dinner.
If ambiance is more important than the actual sushi, this is a great choice for you.
I absolutely LOVE Hanabi!
I've had excellent service every visit and the quality has remained top notch.
Unlike some other locations I've never had rude servers nor have I been neglected service when busy.
The owner has gone out of his way to ensure my food was well prepared and I was properly attended to.
Highly recommend!
Good service.
Food ok. All around this restaurant was just ok.
I'm not an Indian food expert, but have enjoyed many Indian restaurants in different cities.
We ordered about 6 dishes, none of which were memorable.
Nothing was very spicy, which is kind of ironic given the name of the restaurant.
The atmosphere was pleasant and the service was very friendly and attentive.
Horrible guest and hospitality.
Wish I could give a 0 or a negative star.
I once showed up with shorts and sleeveless tees and the management got pissed off because of that and asked me to leave.
Worst place ever and would never recommend to anyone.
This is a very cozy and cute australian cafe where the owner serves toasts with vegemite (YUM!)
and flat whites and a whole assortment of other deliciousness!
The atmosphere is very relaxed and quiet.
The owner is ready to tell you about his experience of living in Australia and other great stories.
Definitely love this place!
Came here for happy hour since it indicated the times and stated it was everyday so I decided to spend my lunch here.
I got here at 3:12, sat at the bar by the tv's and then proceeded to wait for a hello or a welcome that didn't happen until finally about two minutes later.
I ask about the happy hour to which the woman working responded they don't have a happy hour since they are running specials.
I'm a little sad about the happy hour thing being scratched off but I have had The Otheroom to go before and was pleased with the food so I decided to look at the menu and order something good.
I then wait about ten minutes before being approached and the whole time I was sitting there was a guy making drinks and nothing else.
How can they have only one bartender?
It's slow but it's also Memorial Day weekend and you should have enough people working.
I understand people want to split your tab and whatever else but there was a third guy who could have handled whatever problem they had at the register.
Anyways back to when the woman came to me she apologized for the wait which I didn't care for at that point and proceeded to order my food.
Overall the experience I was expecting wasn't a good one.
The food was great and a bar with great food but when the service isn't up to par it deserves a low rating.
I work in high end retail and know me and many of my co workers and friends around the mall would like to be treated just like any other customer and be given a great service when we go to eat for our lunches.
We work in the service industry and will treat our local clients with the same service we do our tourists.
Since this wasn't the case I'll be sharing my experience with the rest of my co workers and friends who work around the mall.
For father's day me n my sister's took our das  he was amazed of how big the serving wore.
the service was very nice n up beat and positive.
Great job
Amazing place!
My co-workers and I went here on.
Saturday to celebrate a postpartum baby shower.
I showed up late so didn't end up ordering food but i tried my friend's food.
The Nachos were delicious!
Served in a baking pan with sour cream and salsa on the side; and even though it was basic nachos (veggies and cheese), it was probably the best I had - they didn't try to mess up a good thing by adding extra toppings.
Huge portion too!
The drinks were so affordable!
Hooch hour starts after 10pm so all shots were 2$ each and 5$ bar rails!
I like the fact that the end of the restaurant turns into a dance floor after maybe 11pm if memory serves me right and they played awesome music the night I was there.
The best thing about this place, in my opinion, is that there's a mini bar attached to the dance floor with the main bar being so close and is the centre of the restaurant.
Would highly recommend this place if you're not into the club scene but want to go to a place with good food and great music
Delicious burgers for sure!
Add that with the Cajun fries and it makes the meal even better!
The free peanuts is a nice touch.
I'd give it 4.5 but the app doesn't let it.
I'd deduct the half star just for the price.
We got a 2 burgers (reg and little) with med fries and large drink cost me $25.
Best burger joint in the area.
I am only giving them a "1" rating because it's the lowest available.
We bought an air-conditioner from them in 2014 and one just last summer in 2015.
We've had nothing but problems since the very first day we had it installed.
Not only that, but the guy who comes out is completely rude and his office seems to back him up.
This is a unit which holds 5-tons of Puron so it is pretty big and it's not cheap.
We spent $5000 on the unit and it is still under warranty.
It's a good thing, too, because these people have had to replace it once and now it's compressor just blew yesterday morning.
It had been making horrible noises and shutting down and about a week ago, they came out and replaced the thermostat and the air seemed to work, but it was making an even more horrible noise than before and then 2 nights ago it stopped working altogether again.
So, it just so happens that my roommate was going to call them yesterday, anyway, to come out and fix it AGAIN.
However, before he did, all of a sudden, I heard the loudest BOOM!
I mean, it was like a bomb going off and literally was louder than a shotgun being fired close by.
Then, it had this awful constant noise - like I've never heard before and vapor was coming out of the hose by the valve and there was a funny smell and I didn't know what was going on and I panicked because I wasn't sure if it was smoke or Puron or what so I ran into the house, turned off all of the units, made sure all of our cats were okay and ran back outside real quick with fire-extinguishers just in case it was smoke.
My roommate called them and they said they'd be there within the hour.
Two hours later, a little after noon, the guy shows up and says it's the compressor that totally blew and he'd have to order another one and that they were going to charge $1200 for labor for the 5-hour job it was going to take to do it.
The compressor, itself, is still under warranty.
He tried to say that the problem was our faulty electrical and that it was on our end, therefore, they were not at all to blame for this.
Also, he said this was a completely different issue than the thermostat, which he claimed was a good call and that he did fix that problem correctly.
So, we hired an electrician (one who is extremely reputable) to come out and assess the situation because if it was our end, we knew we needed to not only get it fixed immediately for safety reasons, but I may have owed the guy an apology for insinuating this could have been their fault to begin with.
The electrician came and his findings were that #1, the units were too close to one another to begin with and that after checking the voltages, etc.
with his do-hicky (LOL), his findings showed there was not one problem with our electricity, no surges or imbalanced distributions of power, no breaker problems, etc.
on our end and he even called his friend who owns another air-conditioning company and his friend told him that had it been on our end it would have not only showed up in his readings, but it would have had to be a surge large enough to, at the very least, surge other electronic items in our home and that really...  it would more realistically be an outage-type surge where other neighbors would also have been affected.
Not only that, but both agreed that there's no way that it should be a 5-hour job to replace a compressor and that the money they were telling us they were going to charge was outlandish.
This electrician made a point of including some of this on the invoice and gave us the contact information of his friend in case we needed additional assistance with this matter.
Thank God for him and for Yelp and all the Yelpers out there who recommended him.
:)  

I'm doing this review in the hope of saving anyone out there who may be considering hiring these people for ANY reason a lot of time, headache and money.
I've had both good and bad experiences at this location.
It may be far fetched to expect at least DECENT customer service.
I know it is a fast food restaurant and the cashiers are likely making minimum wage, but come on!
At least be happy you have a job (for now) and stop treating people like crap.
The only thing that keeps me coming back is that it is a 24 hour drive thru and really hits the spot if you've been drinking.
Although, if you hit it at the same time as the rest of the drunks, the line can be really long, and it seems like the food takes forever sometimes (although I will not complain, at least it is fresh).
Beautiful, tranquil, warm and inviting.
A favourite escape in the city.
I hope it continues to be as cultivated as it has been for the last three years of my frequent visits.
Okay so this place rocks.
You cannot go here without getting tyhe Prime Rib, it is amazing.
The stick some mash potatoes and Yorkshire Pudding and I am in ex pat heaven.
My one tiny tiny gripe is give everyone the yorkshire puddings in one piece so you can pour the gravy in and have a delicious bowl.
That is how it is done, none of this cutting the yorkies into pieces business.
The decor was semi fancy and the service was brilliant.
Our servers all had a sense of humour, which you need when faced with a group of 15 guys out for shenanigans.
This place is a must when you visit Vegas.
This is probably my favorite bar in Pittsburgh.
The pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.
My only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!
I'll admit it was hard to get used to the smell as you walk in, but I'm glad I did!
I'm big on their baguette's which have the perfect crunch offering a great ratio when served with their sandwich meat.
You can even buy day old bread at a steep discount to have with dinner!
I normally opt for the turkey and cheese that comes out fairly quick.
Give their dried fruits, smoothies, or one of their many pre-packaged oriental desserts a try.
I love coming in when they are baking the bread for the day and the line always moves quickly.
They have recently started accepting card so that's a major bonus!
There are better and worse Y's for sure.
This place is nothing compared to Dowd or Davidson, but it does the job.
I would give another star, but I've just been told they are raising the already high price.
Plus, people don't seem to understand the one way signs in the parking lot, or just the parking lot in general.
I've def been honked and yelled at for following the rules.
The front desk help are always pleasant, once you get to them.
I normally don't have the best of interactions with other patrons while waiting in line, but that seems to be the idea on this side of town.
The locker rooms are decent, nothing special.
Plenty of open lockers most times of the day.
You will rarely find yourself solo in the sauna or steam rooms.
I've only swam here once, I need to get on that.
I've never used the basketball courts or anything outside.
I stick to the weight room.
I have never had to wait on a bike or a treadmill.
If I'm looking for a stair climber that can be another story though.
The bikes are no where near as nice as the Dowd.
The only thing I ever have to wait on are the free weights.
There's plenty of weights, but not much room at all to use them.
If you want a lay down bench, you will probably have to wait, especially at peak hours.
All in all, it is what it is.
Its close, so this is where I go.
Plus, there is a 24 hour Harris Teeter right there where nobody looks at you funny for being sweaty in gym clothes.
But, If somebody calls me asking if I want to go to a nicer location, I do.
Nice Family restaurant, long wait time for food but really delicious.
Appetizers doesn't stand out much, but definitely order pastas.
I was invited back to the restaurant by the owner to give it another try.
Alexandria our server was awesome.
She gets 5 stars just for being so lovely.
I tried the A2, Frying Tuna, and Screaming O...
They were good, all offering something a little different.
The BEST was the Tempura Oreos.
Sounds bonkers, right?
No!
Eat them.. Be willing to get too full off of them...
They are heaven.
Plus: Chips and salsa were warm and plentiful, with a nice heat to the salsa.
Jarritos soda was refreshing after an afternoon of drinking in the sun.
Our waitress was also lovely and attentive.
Hubby's salad was ok.
Minus: BLAND, flavourless food.
My rice seemed like they it had been sitting under a lamp, very dried out, and the beans were basically kindergarten paste.
Not worth the money.
By far, the worst sushi place I have been to.
I would like to give them a one star and I don't think I'd like to give them another chance.
Friendly service but speed of sushi delivery is horrible.
This place seems to be busy and it's bring your own alcohol.
Students also get a discount.
If you truly love sushi, you will know this is not the place by pure observation and presentation.
The taste speaks for itself and the rice isn't sticky enough and falls apart.
If you check my other posts, you will know where my favorite sushi place in Montreal is.
que restaurante tan padre
we had tacos al pastor
tacos rosarito
chicharrón de queso
and a quesadilla de hongos
which was really a sincronizada
all was excellent 
great ambiance and good service
good mezcal
the only thing i did not like was my cocktail 
it was not terrible but it was not great so i moved on to straight liquor
oh good music playing as well
My wife is Brazilian and wanted to show me Brazilian BBQ.
She searched around and was told this is 'the' place to go for BBQ.
Unless you're going to fill up on side dishes, don't expect to get any value for your money at all.
The place suffers from an identity crisis, part night club part overpriced buffet.
The food is entirely average, nothing spectacular but what absolutely stands out is the fact that every portion of meat I was given was entirely bite size, I literally had already eaten the meat given to me before the guy had even left the table.
I often had to wait 5-10 minutes between 'bites' as they were very busy.
The meat was either extremely overcooked or border line raw (I like rare, this was nearly blue).
As I'm from Texas, I've eaten a substantial amount of cornbread and I can honestly say this was sugar with food colouring and a tea spoon of cornmeal.
We ordered caipirinha's and it was like drinking lime flavoured water with ice and a 1/4 shot of Chacas.
What really gets me, is the $43 per person price tag they charged us for this.
I honestly walked away feeling like I just made a charitable donation to the restaurant on my way to McDonald's.
Really filthy silverware asked for new set  just as bad  asked for ketchup Disgusting!!!
See photo.
Italian beef so-so.
Fries were good.
But fries don't make a restaurant.
Where ever this chain started they need to go back.
Hate to see the kitchen if what they bring out is this bad.
There's so many restaurants that take pride in cleanliness,this was certainly Doesn't!!!
If you go don't say I didn't warn you.
With a Just Pay Half Hot Card in my hands and an imminent wall-shaker of a concert at nearby Howler's recently, I strolled into Lot 17's darkened but genial beer hall-ish environs for eats and came away satisfied.
Deciding not to go with a burger for the umpteenth time, I instead chose the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Sandwich, which comes complete with a pineapple ring, a drape of provolone cheese, and roasted red peppers.
It's shame that the exquisitely tender chicken didn't smack much of jerk seasoning, though.
Nonetheless, sweet, savory, tart, and creamy cavorted brilliantly together within a Sunday dinner-worthy Kaiser roll on a Saturday night.
A flawless pile of housemade, kettle-plunged, perfectly salted potato chips complimented the soft and juicy sandwich with their inherent crunch factor.
A domineering cleat of an after-dinner treat, the Snickers Ice Cream Pie had me bug-eyed upon its arrival, something my wonderful server (name forgotten) got a laugh out of.
Carvel had nothing on this monstrosity of vanilla and chocolate ice cream that was garnished with nuts, candy pieces, and sauces of the caramel, white chocolate, and dark chocolate varieties.
An Oreo crust would hold this sundae-on-a-plate together, bringing more texture as well as stability to this luscious, saccharine, bon-bon-riddled masterpiece of frozen confection.
With quick, courteous, adept service and above average bar food, Lot 17 has hollowed out a deserved niche for itself in this restaurant-heavy area of Pittsburgh.
Considering I have credit left on that card and that Hot Card participants are dwindling, I may be overdue for another visit, and it will be without a hint of reluctance, Lot 17 proving itself to be a sturdy dining option in a neighborhood with much...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5U9wGcQYfVw
Good food.
My girlfriend loves the breakfast enchiladas.
Service is always good and the Rosemary potatoes rock.
It is a favorite Diner, Drive-in, and Dives.
Check it out...

#vino2ultimate #vinosquared
One major warning for the winter months.Do not sit at the two tables near the door.If they can't move you leave.I spent $ 150.00 on a very good meal and wine with really good service.But my overall memory was being cold and uncomfortable.They offer you fur or a blanket, but its enough.
Liked how they were open late and also had happy hour specials after 10 pm.
We really liked the bulgogi and Korean prime kalbi.
They were marinated very flavorfully.
The mushroom medley and sweet corn were also very good.
Would definitely keep this place on my list of late night eats or when IIA just craving korean barbecue.
The quality of food been going down hill in the last few months.
I ordered the lettuce wraps and a chicken dish take out.
When I got home the lettuce was slimy and soft.
I ended up throwing it away and ate the meat portion by itself.
The previous time I ordered lettuce wraps​, the lettuce we're too small to wrap the meat in.
Also the entries seems to have more rice and less meat.
Like I said earlier, quality is get worst.
I'll give Pei Wei another chance in a year, that will give the chain chance to fire the cooks or whomever prepares the lettuce.
Maybe management will change also.
If I could give this restaurant more than 5 stars I would.
We always start with their wontons which are some of the best I've ever had and then get the red curry.
The food tastes amazing and you can tell the vegetables are fresh.
We have also had their BBQ chicken which is reminds me more of a curry chicken but is good nonetheless.
I ordered the much recommended hachapuri and 2 orders of khinkali (dumplings).
I gotta say the flavours of Georgian cuisine is quite unique.
These dishes seemed to be made to order because it took quite some time to receive.
It may have been more than half an hour.
My favorite would be the hachapuri.
It makes me think of having pizza but the cheese is distinctly salty and they roll up the boat edges with cheese so the crust is a delight to eat.
I wish there were 2 eggs.
It definitely balanced the saltiness of the cheese (feta?).
It seemed like there were 2 layers of cheese: the crusty top and a layer of soft chese below.
The khinkali reminds me of Chinese dumplings but the flavours are truly very different from what I'm used to.
It was creamy and dark.
Each serving contained 3 dumplings  which doesn't seem like a lot but it really is like its own meal.
It definitely needed something to cut the heaviness.
While waiting for the food, we got complimentary appetizers: bread, pickled cabbage and an array of sauces (tomato, Georgian, spicy).
The sauces and the pickled cabbage all have tastes I am not familiar with.
I ate it all because the food was taking so long to come.
The pickled cabbage I did not like so much.
All in all, the service was good, the food was filling and I was satisfied.
I'm reviewing it on the basis of take-out.
I love their yellow curry.
I've actually only ever ordered take-out, but have ordered 5 or 6 times now.
Every once in a while I get a hankering for it and have yet to be disappointed.
I can agree with the other reviews that the decor is not the fanciest...it could use some updating.
In fact, I probably would not take my wife here to try Thai for her first time, simply because experience is important.
However, the food is good and that's what keeps me coming back.
I'm a fan.
Excellent place if you are walking down Wellington and feel like fish and chips with beer.
We went on a bike ride on the first beautiful day of the year and ended up visiting a friend in Verdun.
We already know the other Comptoir 21 locations at the Latine Quarter and the Mile-End - but I like this one best.
We sat outside (for the first time this year!)
and really relished the last light of the day.
The waitress was nice and friendly, although she was a little swamped.
Once she took our order, the food came pretty fast.
While we all had beer, I was actually the only one having fish and chips.
My girlfriend had the veggie poutine (they have vegetarian gravy that is not bad) and our friend had a cheeseburger with fries and salad.
We all enjoyed our food and I was pleasantly surprised by how calm this street is (compared to busy main streets like saint Denis or Mont-Royal where it's not as nice to sit out in the street).
I was also glad for the opportunity to sit outside because sitting inside on the bar makes it harder to have a conversation when more than two people are involved, plus there is a lot of oil in the air near the kitchen.
We went to pay inside and discovered they only accept debit and cash :( but overall this is a good place to have a good time!
Huge selection.
Friendly SUPER helpful (and funny) sales woman.
As a plus size woman I am used to having maybe one rack of clothing to look through.
But not here!
I spent at least an hour looking around at all the fantastic modern and vintage tops and dresses.
I will be going back.
There IS a market for plus size women and I'm delighted that this place exists.
Excellent service from the cute blonde bartender Lindsay, cheap beer, good music and pool tables.
Oh, and the cleanest bathrooms I've ever seen at a dive.
Definitely be coming back
Wow.
Difficult is not the word I would use to explain Turtlehead Peak.
How about "extremelystrenuousandrewarding"

6 hours round trip, 2 liters of water, holes in my shoe, change in headband, backpack tan, sunglass tan, burnt arms, sore legs, and dirt all over my body was the result of my trip at Turtlehead Peak.Making it to the top of Turtlehead Peak I was rewarded with a really nice cool breeze, an ammo box holding a signature book, and one of the best views I have ever seen in my life.
Worth it?
Yes.
Would I do it again?
Probably not.
Would not recommend for something looking for a nice stroll in nature or a quick hike (less than 4 hours).
What I learned from my experience and mistakes is that you should have the following items with you:

1.
Excess water (better to have more than less in this case)
2.
Sunblock
3.
Hiking shoes or comfortable shoes that you don't mind destroying.
4.
FOOD!
( I really lacked on this one, I ate prior to the hike, but all that uphill really took a toll on my energy.
I appreciate the kindness of whoever left a Clifbar inside the ammo box holding the signature book.
Don't think I would of made it down without one)
5.
A companion
6.
A map or GPS device.
7.
Focus
8.
Patience

P.S.
Don't get off the trail like my group did within the first 15 minutes.
There are trail markers for you that will make the trip a lot less strenuous and more enjoyable.
P.S.S.
The first part of going down can be dangerous and it is easy to slip, so be careful!
Wow!
I'm the first to review!
How can that be?
The Lotus Garden has been around for 60 years and there's no question as to why.
The food is fantastic and the staff is very friendly and accomodating.
My meal always starts out with an egg roll.
These are no ordinary egg rolls...they're not tiny, and aren't considered one of those side items tossed in as an afterthought as at most Chinese restaurants.
No - these egg rolls could be a meal!
Filled with baby shrimp, cabbage, and carrots, the filling is tender with a bit of a crunch.
The wrapper isn't your typical thin, fried, "papery skin".
The wrapper is a bit more substantial because of the size of the egg roll..yet it's crisp on the outside and a little chewy on the inside.
The best egg rolls I've ever eaten.
I also like to order the fried pork dumplings.
They're pretty basic as pork dumplings go, but they have a great flavor and the dipping sauce is very good.
I'm pretty picky about my dumpling sauce.
I don't like it too salty or too sweet.
This is just perfect with a touch of heat.
My main course staple is the chicken with garlic sauce.
This is noted on the menu as a spicy item.
The Thai red pepper flakes give it the right amount of heat without overpowering the garlic brown sauce.
It's a simple dish with slivers of white meat chicken, slivered water chestnuts, and a few mushrooms tossed in for good measure.
This dish is so flavorful that you don't need anything else.
I love the chicken paired with the crunch of the water chestnuts.
They both take on the flavor of the sauce quite well.
Other great dishes are the chicken lo mein, General Tso's Chicken, and chicken with broccoli.
Plus the atmosphere is welcoming and cozy.
No need for takeout!
So happy to have found a little piece of France in Pittsburgh!
As a francophile and food-lover, i was excited to try this place out.
It exceeded my expectations.
The little shop mirrored the boulangeries in France.
I ate the sandwich La Campagnard, which was a simple turkey sandwich on a baguette.
Its simplicity, freshness, and texture made for an amazing gastronomic experience.
I also sampled the Pistachio macaron which was reasonably priced and very good as well.
Of course, i had to get a Baguette Tradition, which had an intoxicating smell and had the perfect consistency of crunchy and fluffy on the inside.
Will definitely go back soon, and i suggest anyone who is visiting Pittsburgh must go here.
The only downside was that there were only a couple of tables, and with the line forming into the street, not everyone could sit.
Luckily, there is a park across the street.
This restaurant has the best Thai food I've ever had.
That's it.
Oh, and the people are really nice too.
Food is FRESH, great service and the cost is very affordable.
They have a great selection of items to choose from.
We have 3 kids and as you know, kids can be picky eaters.
Because they have such a good variety there is something for everyone....even the most picky eaters.
All and all, I highly recommend this Dining establishment.
Dave Sac CA
I had a two hour time break to kill in between meetings and stopped by TiCoz.
I've been here many times, but I had the best customer service experience I've ever had.
Not only was it Taco Tuesday, so I had my choice of delicious Tacos, but my server was attentive, but not overbearing.
The perfect restaurant experience and food to die for.
One of my friends was in from out of town so I brought her here.
Everything we had was delicious and the wait wasn't bad at all, we must have come in before the dinner rush.
We ended up trying the fried brussles sprouts, which were delicious.
The Saganaki on the menu says it is flamed, but either the girl forgot, or they just don't truely flame it, so was kind of disappointed.
The Fried meatballs which were divine.
And the yellowtail Hamachi melted in my mouth.
The drinks were very tasty as well, they had a granny smith apple cocktail that could be dangerous, as you couldn't taste the alcohol in it, so we ordered two.
;)

In all, loved this place, will definately go back again.
I always bring my jewelry and rosaries in for repair here and they are the best!!
Sal and Forrest are Great!
!
Loved going here for happy hour.
They had the BEST cucumber salad, I could eat ten bowls a day.
Went there once a few weeks ago craving some sushi and salad, parked, walked up to the door, only to find that they had CLOSED.
Went next door to Humble Pie and the guy at the front said they shut down January 1st.
My heart sank.
This is the second Sushi joint that has closed in the past few months.
Ten on Tatum was equally amazing and had great food.
Sad day when great sushi bars close because the chains get more business, even if their overpriced food sucks.
I loved this place.
We stumbled on it because we were staying in a nearby hotel.
I told my daughter about it as she was staying in the same hotel.
She ate at Sushi 21 twice during our trip.
I would definitely eat there again and would recommend it.
I chose La Quinta over other pet friendly hotels because they don't charge an extra fee for them, and I had two little doggies!!
So, plus, plus there!!
Room rates very reasonable.
Room had no lingering smells of any sort, very clean.
Location for my needs, right on!
Had complimentary breakfast, yum!
And free wifi.
So, really saved on a lot.
Staff was friendly.
Will recommend to others especially if travelling with pets!!
Only 4 stars because the only night I had a chance to relax and enjoy pool, the pool was temporarily closed down til the next day when I check out!
Boo!!
!
This place is a real gem.
We dined here once and the food was delicious.
Especially the scallops.
Very romantic and cozy.
Highly recommended.
The restaurant has a great atmosphere and the food is good.
However, we sat in the bar area and had poor service, I think the bartender was overwhelmed.
Next time we will sit on the restaurant side.
Fast Forward

Every trip from NYC to Pitt includes a visit to Aiello's.
And if we know anyone driving East, we request a transfer!
If you are in search of fancy "gourmet" pizza, go elsewhere.
At Aiello's, you order the pizza you specify - and it is absolutely perfect!
So I was in dire need of assistance in moving and attempted to call the other "highly rated" movers only to be greeted by down right rude people.
I'm sorry you're all booked but how the heck am I suppose to know that?!
Any who i then found five star moving and I'm so blessed I did!
From beginning to end these guys were on point.
They were so professional and friendly it made the nightmare of moving a breeze.
Love that they pick up the uhaul for you, all you have to do is be packed and ready to go.
My upstairs  one bedroom was packed, moved in AND assembled in my new apartment in 2.5 hours!
Everything was handled like it was their own and safely delivered!
These guys busted their butt me in the heat, I kinda felt bad so I turned on the AC for them lol.
If and when I move again, I'm def choosing this company again!
!
Gary, Matt and Chris are true professionals in every aspect.
Always on time, honest and dependable.
I have used their services for a decade and recommend them to anyone with pest elimination needs including monthly maintenance .
Recently Chris performed a termite elimination for us.
He was very knowledgeable and dedicated to exceeding our expectations and at a fraction of the cost competitors wanted to charge.
Fantastic company to do business while supporting a small family business.
Best Chinese place I've been to in Phoenix.
They have great service, incredibly generous proportions, and the food is to die for.
These guys always get the job done right.
The got us in and out fast.
They are friendly and professional.
They offer a 1 month warranty on used tires.
Honestly, one of the best llanteria's in Vegas!
Thank you guys!
I used Luxe to install a three zone drip system.
They provided me with a timely quotation and completed the work ahead of schedule without any additional charges.
I would use them again and I will recommend them to my family and friends.
Great place to stop for the Badger game!
A great Wisconsin friendly place in Vegas.
I would come here again.
Burger was big and juicy.
Service was a bit slow, but there were a ton of Badger Alumni here for the game.
The Alumni Association runs raffles and has stickers and tatoos, etc.
Fun place.
Filling food.
Friendly service.
Can't say anything bad about this place!
Great food, fun gaming and they special order my beer!
Yes we are regulars!
Avocado egg rolls with jalapeño ranch and stuffed mushrooms are a couple of our favorite appetizers!
Love the staff and and the ambiance!
I super am excited for football season to start up again.
Good give aways, drink and food specials are the best!!
!
I had a durian mille crepe cake and the raindrop coffee.
The coffee was delicious and the setup for the cotton candy was really cute!
The durian crepe cake had a decent durian flavour but I would have liked it to have a stronger taste to it since I am a huge fan of durian anything.
A little less cream would have been better as well.
The store itself was pretty cute too!
Service could have been faster since it was a slow night but it's ok if you're just catching up with some friends.
This place is awesome!
I recently took my puggle in to get a nail grind and the staff was amazing.
The girl that did her nails was sweet and patient and Ginger is not an easy one to deal with.
Unlike most of us ladies she does not like getting her nails done.
I got a tour of the place and the dog wash stations are pretty cool, there was every make and model of dog there getting their groom on.
I can't wait to take Ging back to giver her a proper bath (and they have a blow dry station)!
Tried this place out for the first time last Knight.
Think I found my new favorite sushi spot!
Pretty vibey atmosphere and really nice inside/out.
Fresh fish and good selection.
I got AYCE focused more on the menu items.
They have a buffet line with a few choices such as fried rice and egg rolls.
Sushi is what a came for .
You can only get 1 order of oysters w/ayce (2pcs) dinner menu only.
I would pop these like crazy!
But you can buy them by the half or full dozen.
Presentation overall is A+.
A couple behind me got a sashimi platter that had some dried ice effect to it pretty cool!
All in all I'll definitely be back again.
Go Knights Go
I recently answered a job offer on Craigslist which stated "In the chaos of unpacked boxes you orchestrate a home masterpiece!"
which I quickly answered and got.
Basically I curated this woman's art, sacred objects and artifacts collection and needless to say it was a very memorable week working in what you can imagine to be a very eclectic home.
When the job finished my client invited the crew and I to a celebration dinner which brought us to a restaurant in Inglewood on 9th avenue S.E.
called Sugo Caffe Italia.
Just sitting outside Sugo I felt underdressed and so did my co-workers but our appetites and curiosity managed to find our way into the restaurant where our reservation of 6 was warmly greeted by the staff.
The decor in this restaurant is exquisite, simple and clean with accents of contemporary earthy art pieces on warm muted walls.
Jarred tomatoes and jams are illuminated upwards with mini lights shining brightly from beneath them and antique chandeliers hang above dripping with crystal raindrops and lined pearl beads.
There is no corner that has not been thought out decoration wise here and the table settings are complete with artisan ceramics and fine crystal glassware.
An average meal is between 20 to 40 dollars but once you savour the many dishes on a menu that changes every evening and the many cheese options that I couldn't pronounce you are completely titillated.
Every meal's presentation has been evoked with an artist's touch and the freshest ingredients are presented in front of you to tantalize your palate.
I was extremely impressed by an ample Scotch list, over 15 choices and the huge portions of deserts that were presented in the most elegant formations that look like one could almost wear them as head pieces.
I was so impressed by Sugo the first time that I took my partner there to have our own celebration dinner the very next evening.
Absolutely 5 stars without a question.
If I could I could give 0 stars I would.
So we show up around 5:30pm on a Monday.
Place is pretty empty.
Ordered drink which took about 30 mins to get.
Ice was already melted in my drink.
Ordered apps and meals.
We did not get out food until 7:30.
We waited a hour and a half for food @ a empty upscale pizza shop.
BTW my pizza was cold.
And there is some manager guy walking around looking busy but what a joke.
Also I ordered a Calzone which was not a Calzone.
Crust Chandler Simply Italian is a joke of a place and anyone that waste there money obviously does not care about the food they put in there mouth or any kind of service.
What a rip off.
Just remember every time someone has a bad experience they tell 10 people.
I was with 4 people.
That's 50 people in day.
I think the major issue is the customer base has no clue what good Italian is.
It sad that so many people accept this.
Amazing food, drinks, service!
We started with what we thought would be a 30-40 minute wait for a table- what did we expect on a Friday night?
they send text notification when your table is available (love that!).
Our table was made available much sooner than anticipated.
The Bloody Mary was super delicious and came with several garnishes-including a nice snow crab leg!
Our server, Dawn, was personable, and while we could tell she was super busy, she made sure we were taken care of, and explained any expected delay!
The menu was AMAZING!
Nothing sounded bad!
I had the snow crab boil with added vegetables (1 pound!)
and corn on the cob with the Trifecta sauce at level 3 heat.
My companion, the Incredible Running God, was more adventurous and had the shrimp boil (complete with "everything that shrimp was born with" as our server put it-eyes, tail, legs) with the Trifecta sauce in level 4 heat-"Angry ghost".
Be prepared to sweat with level 4 spice!
The kiddo had the pepperoni flatbread which sounded like a horribly boring choice, but hey, what can I expect taking a moody tweenager who hates seafood to a crab shack!
The place was packed!
And for good reason!
It was our first trip there, but certainly won't be our last!
The building is lovely.
The remodel after Buttita's is as good as one can do when turning a lovely restaurant into a sports bar-style restaurant (though why one would want to do that is beyond me).
And that's where the good stuff stops.
In short, the service and all things related to it were glacially slow; the food, when it arrived, was mediocre at best -- and missing key elements (one whole order, and other parts).
This restaurant cannot possibly last if they don't figure out how to greet and serve customers, or get the food that was ordered actually to the tables.
The full story.
Upon arrival, we found a vacant hostess stand, then a long walk down the hall to the dining room along which we saw no one who works there.
Luckily, we ran into friends who assured us that we could seat ourselves.
After waiting at our table for some 15 minutes, we used a bit of self-help, and accosted a waitress to ask for some menus.
After another 5-7 minutes another waitress finally showed up with menus and silverware.
She did not offer water, or to bring us a drink of any sort - just plopped the menus down and disappeared.
Quite some time later, our waitress arrived, apologetically, and took our order.
We ordered an appetizer (cheese fries), and three meals: 1 burger (would have been on wheat bread but despite the menu, they had none), one 1/2 ribeye (which the menu says was supposed to be thick, but which was certainly not), that should have come with some interesting sounding twice baked potato casserole, and one individual pizza.
My daughter ordered a diet, I ordered water, and my husband ordered a beer.
The water and diet only took about 7 minutes to arrive.
The appetizer might have arrived after another 10, but the food runner carrying the plate of cheese fries tried to deliver them to another table.
Having learned he had the wrong table, the lad just took them back to the kitchen.
Eventually, the cheese fries arrived.
They weren't as hot as one would like, and for the price, there should have been a LOT more cheese.
The fries were no better than I could make using frozen crinkle fries from the grocery.
Within 3 minutes of the appetizer's tardy arrival, some of our food arrived.
The burger (but not the beer), and my steak with vegetable, but no potato casserole, and no pizza.
The waitress arrived, and asked if everything was there, we told her "no", and pointed out that we were missing the beer, the potatoes and the pizza.
Ten minutes later the beer arrived.
My husband then went up to the window where the pizza would have been put up for a food runner -- no pizza had been ordered.
So.
The steak was fatty, but moderately tasty, if only tepid.
The broccoli was cold, the burger was not as good as you can get at, say Hardee's (despite costing twice as much).
We never did get the pizza.
Or the potatoes.
I DID offer to come in as a consulting manager to help them teach the staff how to actually wait tables......
Problems popped up after we dropped off the vehicle.
This location doesn't have an after hours key drop box.
In the past, we simply left the keys in the locked vehicle.
On Sunday we parked the SUV in a spot directly adjacent to the front door.
On Monday at 5:45 pm; I received a call from  them asking where the car was.
After they figured that out; they claimed not to have a spare key and we would be charged continued rental until WE found a way to actually put the keys in their hands.
Or we could pay a $50 fee and an extra day rental and they would handle it.
After demanding to speak with a manager; we were told that they would drop all extra charges this time.
Looked at our checking account on Tuesday.
Found out that they had debited our account for the rental plus the initial deposit.
(The deposit is never drawn at the end unless there were damages involved; there weren't.)
Had to call our bank to contest the extra charges.
The bank handled this for us and we only paid the agreed upon rental price.
This was the ABSOLUTE worst rental experience we ever had.
Super cute place!
It's quite spacious with an open feel so doesn't feel like some crammed coffee shops.
The chicken sandwich was really tasty!
The bubble tea I got was not my favorite, but not bad either.
Will definitely go there again in the future.
This place is the best hole in the wall with delicious food.
There chicken fingers with seasoned fries drizzled with the same sauce, are the bomb!!
I've followed them since I was 15, when they were at Stop n Shop.
People complain about the area and the ambiance.
That's all part of the package, you know if you go down there to find them, that's how good they are.
28 years later, I now take my kids there to eat or order out to take to drive in this place is on point!
Eric Max the bartender was incredible.
He was very thoughtful and courteous.
Made our night that much better by being quick with his drinks and highlighting our experience.
Totally recommend sitting at the bar with him.
I come to DS Fitness Studio on Sundays and Mondays for their Cross Training classes and they are amazing!
You want to step up your game in your fitness regimine and get a good booty kicking in an hour....then come to this class!
Find your inner beast/beastette and come workout.
You won't be sorry!
If you are not ready for HIIT training....they have Zumba there as well.
Stop by and check it out!
Probably one of my favorite pizza places.
Food is always good and the brick oven is a nice touch you don't see everywhere.
Got some food through uber eats :).
The price is not bad at all, it would be more affordable when walking in definitely.
But the value is good and the quality is good as well.
I love coming here because it's always a very inviting atmosphere.
A bartender at the Bellagio suggested I try this place if I was looking for amazing Hawaiian food.
Him being a Hawaii native, I took his word and decided to try it out.
Russell and Gina are one of the nicest couples you will ever meet.
Russell comes over and greets you with some boiled peanuts which are so addicting.
We always order the combo and fried rice omelet which tastes amazing.
My most recent trip my combo plate was a little too salty, but I didn't want to speak up.
I'm so happy for them that they expanded into the space next door vs how small their place was when I first started going there.
Best hospitality in town you feel like you're practically family!
!
A cafe with a very chill and relaxed ambience.
The menu has a good variety, and out of the six drinks we tried, we weren't disappointed.
We tried a mango smoothie, banana frozen latti, matcha latti, caramel latti, and from their signature teas: Emerald and Scarlett.
We also tried the raindrop dessert and it's unique and something to definitely try, but maybe only once.
The prices are very reasonable and I'm excited to try more!
Oh, and the staff is very nice!
Food is great.
Really really Great.
Portion sizes are adequate.
Prices are a little too high for the portion sizes.
Last time we went their AC wasnt working well.
Spoke to a friend who also went recently and the AC wasnt cooling during her visit either.
All in all, Ive been back a few times however, will try a few other Mexican joints in South Scottsdale before I go again.
Akahana has a wide selection but food is pretty average.
Their sushi isn't great but isn't bad.
It's one of those places you go to when nobody in your group can decide on where to go for dinner because of it's wide selection.
Poor service, been waiting for my check for 30min!
Still waiting after asking another server for it..... Yay, finally, someone else dropped it off, what happened to our server?!
:( Left hungry and feel everything was overpriced...
Sad because I never right bad reviews but this was not a good first experience...
Went to the drive through just for an ice cream cone and I was informed that they weren't selling ice cream.
When we pulled up to wait for the car in front of us to get there order we saw the worker hand them an    Ice cream come..
Amazing food!
You wouldn't think it was the nice just by looking at the outside but the inside decor is wonderful.
The Venison was perfectly cooked and the sauces were incredible it comes with the House rice which was also great.
The Veal Marsala was a little too saucey for my taste but still really good.
The dessert options are also great.
Overall amazing place !
I had to find an anniversary dinner which had amazing food with equally amazing views.
I was a little skeptical of Prime because I've been to the other restaurants on the Bellagio waters, and they were nothing to write home about.
We were seated outside, overlooking the fountains.
The dry-aged ribeye was a party.
My wife and I were trying to figure out what made each bite so good, but at the end, we came to the conclusion that it was just damn good.
I've had Mortons, Flemings, etc.
and this steak ranks higher than those places.
The wife ordered the Chilean seabass, and it was just alright.
The fish was flakey, but there was not much taste.
I'm comfortable giving this place a 5, even with the mediocre fish, because our dining experience was everything we hoped for.
I really need to try some other sandwiches that they offer but the Paul Reuben's is insanely good!!!
Gotta have it on the Dutch Crunch bread.
New owners have really given this place a facelift!
The veggie lavosh was recommended and did not disappoint.
Looks like a great place to watch sports.
Coming back without question.
I've been here three times.
I concur with the commenter who noted that the parking situation is difficult.
However, being close to I-15 and Spring Mountain is a huge advantage for me, and it is open 24 hours.
A relatively new member of the staff is Tony, who recently left Saigon 8.
The guy is terrific, and I've seen him iron out the bumps when language is a problem.
He's the reason I came to this restaurant in the first place.
I've had pho twice and vermicelli with grilled pork, spicy (#68) once.
The pho broth was pretty good (not quite Saigon 8, but not bad), and the meat, etc., was also good.
The #68 was the best thing I've had there, and it is served in a bowl rather than a plate, which I think helped.
The restaurant was jam packed (Friday, about 1:30 p.m.), but service went smoothly.
By the time I was finished, I would say about two thirds of the crowd had left after eating.
At the table, There was hoisin sauce and Sriracha hot sauce, plus fish sauce and soy sauce.
There was also a jar of a pepper sauce that looked like a Szechuan sauce, but didn't have the heat.
There were plain wooden chop sticks, which I like, spoons, and small saucers, which I use to mix a dip.
I've mentioned in my Jenny Pho review that this is the way I prefer it, instead of bringing stuff out with the pho, and using lacquered chop sticks.
One thing you should know is that there is a sign that says cash only.
That changed a couple of months ago.
They allow major credit cards (Visa, MC), but they left the sign up.
I like the restaurant for the quality of the food, which is pretty good, location, near I-15, and the fact that Tony now works here, and he's terrific.
Something I should have said earlier:  Pho Little Saigon makes its own Vietnamese sandwiches.
I brought some home, and they're very good.
Pho Saigon 8 doesn't  make its own, though there's a shop that makes them out the rear of their parking lot.
How can you NOT love a store that is filled with clothes that have sayings such as "I only cry when ugly people hold me" or "When life gives you lemons, squirt people in the eyes"..??
This place is a playland for the fun, the kitschy, and the yeah...just a little mean.They have tshirts, shorts, baby onesies, pajamas..also keychains, compact mirrors, lip gloss.
Whenever we come to Vegas, I have to come home with a D&G shirt, it's so hard to just choose one...I could easily get a little outta control.
"Oops, I almost cared" or "I can tell your bag is fake" are ones I have eyeballed on numerous visits, but still passed up.
This time I got one for my better half too.
Control Freak with an old-school gaming remote control on it.
D&G is the new black.
Are you looking for an organic, unique, and historical restaurant?
Than Joes Farm Grill is the place for you.
Even if you have simple tastes Joes Farm Grill will have something to suit your needs.
It has beautiful decoration, great food and affordable prices, so why not pay a visit.
Joes Farm Grill has a long historical background, with a house originally built in 1966 by the Johnston family.
In later years it was decided to turn the farm into a restaurant with its food being home grown or locally brought in.
The house development around the farm is Agritopia, and was dedicated to permanent urban farming.
In fact if you live in the development surrounding the restaurant you can rent a garden lot to grow vegetables.
All of their products are certified USDA organic, and their focus is common food done uncommonly.
They feel fresh food taste better and are better for you so why not share all that with the customers.
They take the foods taste to a new level with all of the recipes and ingredients.
Joes Farm Grill is delicious, unique and a fun experience.
I feel most restaurants are chains and don't have the history behind them like Joes does, and because of this it makes the experience much more special.
Knowing your food is organic makes it taste ten times better, and knowing you don't have to spend a fortune for organic makes me want to go again.
It's really stands out among most and everyone in the chandler area needs to stop by and visit.
First walking up to the twelve acre masterpiece is like going through a farm, with orange trees covering the path and large oaks surrounding it which gives a beautiful green glow of a garden.
It smells fresh and gives you an earthy vive.
They are enormous and full of green vegetables that look extremely appetizing.
They are covering most of the land and you can walk through them and see your food growing.
The building is white with large windows showing the back and the front equally, and the inside has simple decorations with light blue and green accents not to overpower the beauty of the vegetation growing outside.
It holds no more than a hundred people and is rather spacious seating.
The entire restaurant is very simple with a 60s feel mixed with a futuristic time.
I ordered the jumbo breaded shrimp with fries, French toast banana peanut butter sandwich and the barbeque chicken pizza.
I went with my sister because the portions are rather large and I could not have eaten it by myself.
This was my first time visiting the restaurant and my sisters second.
Everything so far was very pleasant and the employees were very nice.
No more than ten minutes later our food was ready and it looked and smelt great.
We sat down and I tried each dish, starting with the shrimp which were very large.
The shrimp was crunchy and juicy and was simple and not overpowering.
I thought it tasted very good and wasn't too rich which is a problem I normally find when ordering shrimp.
Then I tried the French toast peanut butter sandwiches that surprisingly had strawberry's in it too.
This was one of the best tasting things I have ever had!
It was a house specialty and lives up to its name.
It tasted like a gourmet peanut butter sandwich and was so flavorful and sweet.
I had to order another one.
Then I tried the barbeque pizza, I liked it but it wasn't my favorite.
It was thin crust and slightly burnt, but it did taste good with the cheese and chicken combination.
It just tasted like there was too many ingredients on the pizza that overpowered it.
The prices weren't that bad either, the shrimp was the most expensive at 14.99 when I go again I probably won't order this again, just because it wasn't a to die for dish.
The peanut butter sandwiches were 10.99 and I crave these every day it was amazing!
Than last the pizza was 12.99, my sister liked it more than I did so it depends on your taste but I probably will try something else.
The most important part though is the food, and not to leave you hanging was no matter what spectacular.
Fresh fries galore.
The most appealing part to me was the decorations and the gardens surrounding the place.
I think the set up as if you're in a food court is a really interesting concept; you have to throw away your own food on trays, and clean up after yourself.
I didn't expect that and I think it's a smart move on the restaurants part.
The calm and relaxing atmosphere, and no rush pace is really nice.
I enjoyed Joes Farm Grill and I plan on visiting again.
I think the organic concept and urban farming is a really nice thing to hear about in today's society.
I feel better knowing I'm eating organic, and knowing there are still places that are going strong with the idea of organic.
I hope the success of this restaurant shows others they can do the same.
This restaurant meets all my needs as a customer, clean, green and tasty what more could you want.
One of the best burger joints.
Love the concept, food, and exceptional service.
Get the TNT burger if you like it spicy.
Bad service, reeeally slow chefs.
We were the first guests in the restaurant, and after an hour or waiting for sushi/sashimi, the waitress told us they hadn't even started our order!
When did 'sushi making' start takin so long???
We told them to cancel our order and bounced.
Don't even know what the food quality is like but I can't wait an hour to find out.
There are better Japanese restaurants in Henderson if you're willing to drive out of the hotel.
For me Eddie V's never disappoints.
Fantastic service, incredible food, great choices, terrific atmosphere... this is now my go-to place for an overall grand experience.
They offer Valet parking which I love... nothing worse than getting all dressed up and having to walk 2 blocks to get to your destination.
It is $3 plus tip... just an FYI.
We always make reservations just to be sure we'll get in.
If the tables not ready they have a very nice bar area to enjoy a cocktail while you wait.
Both times recently our table was ready even though we arrived a bit early so we just sat down.
Service is A+, first class all the way.
You can just relax and enjoy your dinner.
Things I love, Sea Bass!
OMG it is wonderful!
If you like Sea Bass... get it.
It is a huge portion and its usually market price...  Last time I ordered it was $35 which I thought very reasonable considering the portion size.
Very easily shared by two with smaller appetites.
Sorry... back to appetizers...
Oyster lovers love the oysters here!
they are on the happy hour menu in the bar area.
Yellowtail sashimi is OMG to die for.
Heirloom tomato salad was fantastic too.
Filet always a good choice...
The asparagus was cooked to perfection and I would choose the augratin potatoes over the twice baked.
Ive had both and I prefer mashed or baked usually but these augratin are wow... really great.
The Sole is super!
It is a HUGE portion so unless you are a big eater or you are sharing... there is too much to eat but its prepared to a T!
It has a crispy exterior due to the parmasan crusting... and its delish!
Oh and if you order a steak... you can order any way, any sauce, peppered, etc.... pretty much it seems if you ask they most likely can do.
Just the way you like it!
They also have live jazz playing in the bar area... very nice touch.
My mother and I often go here on Sunday mornings.
I am a big fan of their Eggs Country Benedict and she says that their Huevos Rancheros are the best she has ever had.
bop is so over-the-top ridiculous.
the prices are outlandish for the very little fabric you're actually buying.
i've been in there a couple of times and feel like i've entered an alternate world: a land where it makes sense to spend $80 on a tube top covered in cheap rhinestones, a land where the employees believe customers should be discouraged from buying their clothes by sending them sneering glares, a land where they forget their neighbors are pizzeria uno and fair trade coffeehouse.
ugh.
Food was pretty good.
My wife's margarita was too sweet for me (it was the coconut one).
My margarita was very good (not really worth the cost, but this is a touristy place).
Got the tequila "flight" which was 3-shots, one of each style of tequila and it was very good and a pretty good price for 3 shots of alcohol.
I probably don't need to return, but it's worth a first-time visit.
Wonderful restaurant.
Service was the best we have had in recent memory.
Michael was exceptional, friendly, talkative.
Definitely had a passion for what the chef creates.
Just about perfect.
As for the food, pretty darn good.
I had the Scottish salmon and at first thought it looked a bit small but it was just the right amount of perfect.
Super succulent with an excellent quinoa radish and edamame mix.
I was actually sort of surprised by how good it was.
Went with the advice of the waiter and couldn't be happier.
The lady had the chicken which was probably the best preparation I have had.
Super moist, served on an awesome bacon stuffing....could have eaten a bowl of stuffing all on its own.
Since it was her birthday we had the s'mores.
Which the house comped; a total surprise and it really just rounded the night out to perfection.
The service was friendly and attentive!
However, a San Diegan is familiar with Mexican food and this isn't.
Margaritas shouldn't be made with sour mix, nachos aren't 4 large chips with toppings on each of them, and no one should need to salt their food when it comes to the table.
With all the superb dining in Vegas it's disappointing when you dine out and have a subpar experience.
I have been using Handy's service for three months now.
I will admit that I had 2-3 really good professionals clean my place.
However, the others were just OK...Several of them would leave after 1.5 hours even though I paid for 2.5 hours.
I could understand if there were not anything else to do, but there was (for example: mopping the floor.)
I have had a couple of professionals who were very rude.
The last one was scared of dogs even though it states on my profile that I have a dog, and he will be with me at all times.
BTW: I have a 10 pound Chihweenie who is very sweet and likes all people.
The last person kept complaining that there is no free parking--well I live in downtown Toronto.
What do you expect?
She stated that she had tried to call me and text me.
However, I showed her my cell phone, and there were no contact from her.
I don't get the same pros each two weeks.
I am allowing a complete stranger into my apartment each time.
I have decided that I will cancel my service as of today.
I am truly not satisfied with the unprofessionalism, pros coming late and leaving early, and jobs that were done half assed.
I am not asking for much.
I am asking to clean the counters and mop the floors.
I don't think that this is too much to ask.
Awesome customer service!
I finally upgraded and got so much help.
The sparkling female there was so nice.
She explained the difference from my old device to the new one I just decided on.
She helped with flavors (bc with the upgrade the flavor tasted different than what I'm used to) she helped balance it out and made sure I left liking what I had.
Above and beyond.
I've tried a few shops in the area but this is the ONLY one now!!!
Thank you.
This was my first time here.
Very cool and interesting concept.
You pick a poke bowl or a poke roll from the menu or create your own.
I picked the Ahi Lover roll.
It's like a giant sushi roll, more like a wrap in seaweed paper or soy paper.
Yummmm.
Besides the fact that the young man helping me didn't know what was supposed to go in the roll, was clearly nervous and shaking, and I had to stop him from putting in crab and put in the tuna instead (you think Ahi Lover would give him a hint), overall it was very good.
I will be giving this another shot to try something else.
This bike shop was awesome!!
Reasonable prices, GREAT customer service, not condescending at all, (like you sometimes get at bike shops)!
Super helpful tips on trails nearby, helped us get the bikes into our car, trail maps, reverse osmosis water to fill your camelback, etc!
Literally couldn't ask for more!
The most disgusting Chinese food ever!
My hubby ordered some lunch specials since we like like 5 mins away.. it was terrible!
Oily food and service was horrible!
The lady had charged our card twice.
We had to call her back twice to get our refund.. Never ordering again!
The hostess was a complete b&%$#!
Couldn't handle seating/reservations at all.
Waitress was efficient, but very cold.
Definitely nothing like I had heard.
No fun, no laughter!
Seemed like everyone was just... there!
I was incorrect: it's going to be Harlem Underground, probably an extension of Harlem Restaurant but as a lounge/resto.
Food was delicious and the staff was friendly and they made feel welcome.
Try them out!
On a recent trip to Westgate our friendly tour guide suggested we get pedis here.
This place did not disappoint, taking all 3 of us on the spot and plunking us down in their luxurious (aaahhh ) massage chairs and getting our feet soaking right away.
It had been about 6 weeks since my last pedi and I was due.
In my opinion, this place was superior to the Aveda spa I had last visited.
True confession, I had a little fall in Old Scottsdale the day before on unsteady footwear so my foot was twisted and painful.
The lady worked my feet perfectly, although a bit painfully.
But good.
I walk a ton and have calluses on the pads of my feet that really needed attention.
My feet are in much better shape now - pretty!
A bonus for us was the owner, who was a big football fan and confessed he'd bet on the Vikings to win the Super Bowl.
Then we talked Packers - the local team that has our hearts!
The best was the price.
The pedicures started for a mere $32.
I paid $40.
One of my friends got paraffin and paid more.
Well worth it for this luxury!
Thanks again for the great treatment!
Awesome ambiance, and great staff.
Food was pretty good, too.
Had the brown bag chicken sandwich (good), and the fried okra (good).
Also had the bacon cheeseburger and mac & cheese (both pretty good).
Couples next to us ordered a sampler platter of some sort with shrimp - they both raved about it, as well as the custom style drinks.
$5 for a small(er) pitcher of good beers on Sundays - great deal.
Lots of unique drinks, worth a try.
Servers would awesome with recommendations and making their unique drinks.
After an evening dining at Commercial Center we decided to drive around the parking lot to see what other odd places we could find.
Cue Club is large inside and out.
Like how can they use this much space?
The bartender gave us the lowdown as soon as we walked in: the building is divided into smoking and non smoking and each have either quarter tables or pay by the hour tables.
Apparently you can only do pay by the hour if you're a pro.
We chose the non smoking side and there were 2-3 other tables being used at the time.
The jukebox was surprisingly really good until someone chose to play their own tunes.
We did end up smelling like cigarette smoke afterwards.
Not sure if this is from hanging out in the smoking area initially or if it's so overpowering that it gets into the non smoking area.
They also have shuffleboard and a few carnival style games like skee ball.
Knowing that most any billiards hall in Vegas is going to be equally smoky I think I'd rather come here and know your chances of getting a table are pretty good and they're at least attempting to offer a non smoking option.
Pretty good brunch place.
We went on a Sunday and the wait was about 35 minutes.
The salmon brunch plate was amazing- salmon omnelet, lox on a half bagel with various greens and the mocha was rich and chocolately.
The Bloody Mary was not too good though, it tasted premade, but the Montreal seasoning they used to line the rim of the glass was a nice touch.
Atmosphere is nice with communal seating.
I've donated since college when I started organizing blood drives at our school.
I try to donate during holidays since it seems that's when more activity happen with tourists in town or DUI accidents.
It's a great way to give back and get some neat freebies, movie and Penn & Teller tickets, Amazon gift cards, blood donation promotional and "hero in you" t-shirts.
:)

The West Charleston site is the UBS I've donated to for many years.
Location is within 15 minutes from home and has great parking.
I am thrilled they now have a questionnaire they email me the day of my donation so I can jam through it while having my morning cup of joe.
I love Mimi when I donate platelets.
The other phlebotomists not so much.
Last Sunday went and had an unsuccessful donation and a bruise for four days from my stick.
I will only donate from this point forward when she's working.
She knows me by name, happy, bright, sunny disposition, always has a loving presence and checks up on me throughout my 1-1/2 hour platelets donation process.
Afterwards there are always lots of different juices in the frig, oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip cookies, Oreos, nuts and wheat thins.
I actually raid the canteen area BEFORE my donation when I have to sit get my vitals done (BP, temp, pulse, iron).
Due to being a pescetarian, my iron usually teeters on the 12.5 mark.
Please donate!
We need more people to give in Vegas.
Great hidden gem with fantastic tea, coffee & pastries.
Didn't try any lunch items but def going back.
Perfect place to sit and enjoy some time with a friend or good book
Robuchon was the first 3-star michelin my wife and I had been to (Daniel in NYC only recently attaining their third star).
However, it paled in comparison to many of the 2-starred venues.
The prices are obscene first of all - about double what I've grown accustomed to paying for a  similar experience (even the champagne).
Not to mention, the bites and bubbles menu at Guy Savoy we had tackled two nights prior was MUCH more affordable and more enjoyable.
Our standard 5 course menu began with what was really  an oversized amuse bouche, a chopped apple with spices served in a glass wrapped with pictures of apples.
Good but not worthy of being called an appetizer.
The next dish was cold, shaved foie gras and thin slices of black truffles arranged in a salad.
The truffle slices were old or improperly stored and had absolutely no flavor.
I absolutely love truffles and should have sent it back; huge disappointment.
The foie gras was excellent however.
The main courses were a boring fish cooked in a unneccesarily huge iron pot and some wagyu steak.
The quality of the steak was amazing, much like the one time I've had authentic prime wagyu before where I was charged far less for the pleasure.
The one saving grace of the meal was dessert..
The presentation of a shiny, glittery ball that melted upon contact with a warm sauce was spectacular.
The dessert trolley offered a wide selection of expertly prepared mignardises.
The free take-home box of chocolates was a nice touch.
Service was great but not exceptional and the tables were packed too closely.
Overall, Robuchon is hardly deserving of 3 michelin stars based on our one experience, though your mileage may vary .
I feel that it was all style over substance and that may be fine for fashion bu not for food.
At half the price, I'd have been more forgiving (3-4 stars), but I felt cheated and given the many other excellent restaurants in Vegas, I don't feel there's any reason to visit Robuchon.
And I say this having gone in with a very positive attitutide after dining at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in Paris, which was exceptional all around.
If you do go to Robuchon, my one piece of advice is to go a la cart, which I didn't realize was an option and seemed almost reasonable.
Very cool, spacious dining room decked out in black and red.
Friendly servers, although a little slow.
Delicious food - the chips are fresh and warm, and the three different salsas are all amazing; the grilled peach salad was more like canned peach salad, but still was light, tasty, and refreshing on a hot summer day; and the jumbo grilled burrito...wow!
There are so many good authentic Mexican places in this area, but this burrito would probably top them all!
The passion fruit slaw and masa-thing on the side were equally wonderful...so much flavor!
Like its siblings Fez and Switch, Ticoz offers terrific food in a hip but casual atmosphere perfect for a work lunch or night out.
Went there yesterday with high expectations after the raving reviews but was disappointed ... Their website n online menu says they have trout fish but in real they only have cat fish !!!
Food was mediocre below par ordered pad thai with tofu... V average taste n burnt fried tofu with no vegetables have to sent back ..
Came back with raw not seasoned vegetables ... Hubby ordered basil fried rice with shrimp which has two shrimp n bland tasting ... Only good part was tall manager who was very nice and friendly but i guess their cook need some serious improvement !!
And yes the calamari appetizer was totally tasteless like stale have to sent back ...
Manager was nice and admitted all seafood is frozen .... Would not go back ..
Yummmy!!!
Last weekend I was visiting Scottsdale with my mom and we met up with a friend of mine here.
That was definitely a good choice :)

Pros-
- Lots of options on the menu, and they are clearly explained so there is minimal confusion
- Every dish has the option to be changed (perfect for picky eaters like myself!)
- Generous portion sizes
- Fair prices, nothing was over $20
- The staff was very personable!
Such nice people who love what they do!
- Efficient service

Cons-
- I ordered a side of noodles and never got them :(

But above all else DON'T FORGET TO:
TRY THEIR NEW SPRING ROLLS BTW.
I forgot the name, but it's the Chicken ones on their latest menu.
SOOOO good!
The copy and print center here is just so horrible.
They have no care and concern for customer service.
This department always handles shipping too.
It should be a walk in and walk out kind of thing showing up with prepackaged boxes- wrong!
Seriously UPS shouldn't allow them to represent their brand.
It makes UPS look bad.
And the store manager just doesn't care.
Mention it to him and he'll just say their short staffed and not even offer to help.
I come here every so often with friends to get a quick sushi lunch fix, however that is all.
I will never come here for dinner or for any other occasion.
Service is terrible, although we write everything down in the menu they give us, we receive only half of what was asked.
They'll mix up our orders with another table more than once.
I was watching one of the waitresses as they had food in their hands, and they looked so lost as to where the food was supposed to be served.
Honestly if you do plan to come here, just come for some quick sushi and that's it, otherwise don't waste your time.
Very tasty and more reasonably.
Priced than mojo.
But....for my food-allergic toddler, no dairy free!
!
:( had to load him up w/ fruit and candy.
Alas.
We got free kid spoons, too.
My husband and I started eating here a few months ago.
It's close to home and convenient for a quick bite.
Food is very good.
We've only tried the Mahi Mahi and fish n chips, but recommend both.
Prices are pretty resonable for the area and not much different than any other restaurant.
Service is a hit and miss.
The young gals working there are mostly very friendly and attentive with an occasional employee not wanting to put much effort into work.
That doesn't compromise the food however.
The one thing that took me by surprise on my last visit was watching a gentleman pick up the wash rag off of the FLOOR behind the cash register and start wiping tables with it.
When we were leaving I asked the gal at the counter who the manager was and she said well he's the owner and pointed to the very gentleman that picked up the washrag and wiped tables.
I said to him, "I just watched you picked up the wash rag off the floor and start wiping down the tables."
I'm sure (or hope) he teaches his staff restaurant cleanliness.
You can tell he was embarrassed  (which was not my intent at all), but he did apologize.
I think he will be more conscious going forward.
I DO NOT WANT THIS TO DISCOURAGE ANYONE FROM EATING AT THIS RESTAURANT AS THE FOOD IS REALLY GOOD AND WE WILL DEFINITELY CONTINUE EATING THERE.
Because of this however, I could only give it four stars.
I read reviews on yelp for sushi places in Phoenix area before picking one, so my husband & I could go there while we were there for a vacation.
This one poped up as the nicest and best food reviews.
So, we were quite surprised to see it was tucked in the middle of a strip center (between a Dollar Tree and Subway!).
We almost had the taxi keep driving and go somewhere else.
Luckily we didn't.
It is a very small place, but very warm and cozy and romantic as well.
We had exceptional service the entire night and great sushi dishes!
We went off the recommendations of our waitress and loved everything.
We went with the tapas style menu, with smaller portions, and had 5-6 different dishes.
I don't remember the names of all of the dishes we tried, but most were raw sushi with light sauces, absolutely delicious!
Then the last one was a hot seafood plate with shrimp, clams, squid, etc.
THEN they take the sauce left, after we finished the plate, back into the kitchen to make a small dish of risotto with it and served it to us...Perfection!
One negative comment.
I love seaweed salad and they only serve the kind with mostly cucumbers.
I was very dissappointed, as I do not like cucumbers, and getting the salad without the cucumbers was not an option.
We would absolutely go back here, though, and eat again.
As a vegan I am pretty good at finding great food on menus at non vegan restaurants.
I was super disappointed last night when ordering the vegetable fajitas to find out you use butter to grill your vegetables and you put milk in your tortillas.
The waitress, who was super at her job, was only able to offer me a salad.
She said there wasn't any vegetable based oil in the kitchen to grill my vegetables.
Super frustrated for myself but the rest of the party really loved their non vegan choices and they will definitely be back.
Me, not so much.
My experience here was great .
Alexa was so helpful she was wonderful and made the procedure so quick and easy
One of the single most impactful investments I've ever made in my business career.
More ideas and connections than I thought possible.
And easily a 10-20X investment.
I just joined for my third year.
And I can't stop referring people.
Love love love this place !
Clean and inviting and excellent staff!
Always a great experience!
Thank u!!
!
Great food, cute little place.
My husband loved the turkey melt and the mash browns were excellent.
The staff was also very friendly and attentive.
This is a very very nice indoor range and affordable to shoot your own or any of Discount Firearms selection on the wall.
The sales staff and range masters are all polite to help with any question you may have.
The indoor range is top notch by far with high standards.
My hubby and I went here for our first date night away from our newborn.
It's definitely worth it.
Great burgers with lots of options.
The fries were amazing and my most favorite thing was getting a milkshake!
Chunks of apple pie within a shake!
Oh my!
Highly recommend!
There appear to be many negative reviews of this place but I can honestly say we had a blast.
We raced with a super-groupon deal so that our family of 4 had 2 races each.
The kids started with the junior carts and that was the right call as neither really had much experience driving carts (Mario Kart doesn't count) so they were a bit cautious at first.
However, in their second race they put the pedal to the metal and tested the limits of their speed-limited carts.
The adults took the big carts for a run and I was lucky to be racing with novices and took the checkered flag in one of the two races.
I was foiled by a "pile up" in one of the races which killed my lap average.
:) My lovely wife took a nice stroll around the course and it was fun to wave as I zipped by.
The service was excellent.
The track-workers were hilarious.
All in all a great experience.
** note ** Our first attempt to race was marred by the company Groupon and their multi-hour outage in March 2015.
We did not print the groupon, we couldn't pull it up on our phones, and they had no way to help us over the phone (30+ min wait to tell us that).
Clearly this had nothing to do with K1, and they were trying to help us, and other than just giving us the races for free I'm not sure they could have done more.
I liked this place.
The Gyros are huge and can fill you up.
I liked the baklava as well.
The falafals were very good and salad was fresh.
I'm a Cleveland local who travels monthly for work.
I have to say that now that my horizons have been broadened by other airport experiences I have to put CLE ( Cleveland Hopkins) as just plain average if not slightly below average.
Compared to other similar sized airports it just seems dingy and blah

Our airport is just so Outdated!
Sad but true!
Dingy concourses, drab and downright depressing.
I always feel badly for those with mobility limitations trying to get to the end of the c concourse.
People movers would be great but clearly the walkways aren't wide enough.
Passenger waiting areas are so ancient.
For gosh sakes trying to find a plug to charge phones, tablets, laptops is almost impossible to locate.
The food choices are sporadic, limited and boring.
The welcome for new airport travelers is just not welcoming.
Reading articles about possible new airports in Pittsburgh and Columbus may lessen travelers willing to use our airport.
We really need a new airport or a massive update.
Stopped by because we saw that the patio had a good amount of people so we wanted to see what was causing the crowd.
We we're visiting from California and wanted to try out some AZ brews.
Happy to report that we were satisfied with our choices the night we came in.
We also ordered the brussels and bacon pizza.
Definitely not your tradition pizza toppings but it was delicious.
Will be back again when we're back in town.
Grilled chicken on sourdough swoon.
I love all of their food.
And it's a late night drive thru.
Lots of healthy options.
I placed a custom order on 30 August.
I was told it would be ready in 2 weeks.
By early October I hadn't heard anything about it.
I contacted Carrie Hood and asked for an update.
She apologized and said it would be ready that Saturday.
I messaged her after I didn't hear back from her about my order that Saturday and received an automated response.
I have since messaged her several times and have received the same automated response.
On November 4th I sent a message asking for a refund and again received the same automated response.
This morning I attempted to contact Rugged Moose Decor again only to learn that I have been blocked.
I was using Facebook messager to communicate with Carrie hood.
Now I can no longer reach her and I don't have my order or a refund.
This company is a scam.
I was looking for a really good wings spot so I came here.
Wedges were soft and tasted good however could not really eat them cause it was over seasoned and heavy in salt.
Wings were ok not good for it to have "Wings" in the name of the establishment, but to each its own.
sauce ok.
Atmosphere was welcoming server was great.
The attraction for this place is good to get a drink with friends if in the area or if you want to try a different random sauces with names like "Voodoo" then you will like.
Glass wear wasn't very clean
Entrance not easily accessible due to construction.
The good food is not worth the hassle of dealing with the lady at the window she treats the customers like dirt.
On one visit I asked for my change and was told no you don't get change and had the window shut on me, the second time I paid for and didn't receive my side of sour cream and when I asked her for my side she demanded I dump my bag of food out at the window and show her there was no sour cream.
I plan on never returning to this location as she is always working when I drive through.
when to confirm all of the other reviews.
Service: excellent customer service.
Carne asada taco: greasy meat and tortilla, poor flavor.
(Wil be better with guacamole)
pastor taco: greasy meat, poor poor flavor.
Taco de cabeza: good taco
Taco de lengua:good taco 
Salsa: great variety, good flavor
I'm just going to say what needs to be said- Soul is the best restaurant in Charlotte.
They made a mean dirty martini and the pork belly tacos are ridiculously addictive.
I think the fact that I'm willing to wait well over an hour  to be seated (which is usually WAY beyond my waiting threshold), says something about how amazing this place is.
Go and you won't be disappointed!
AMAZING.
Absolutely love this place.
For pilates and barefoot bootcamp, Martin and Liz are unreal.
Janelle and Mark teach an awesome TRX class.
Strongly recommend that you arrive at least ten minutes before a class.
One of the reasons I love this studio is the number of classes they have in the day.
I can go to the 5:45 and 6 am classes or hit the 7:15 and 8:30pm classes depending on my schedule.
On top of the great instructors and class times, it is also really affordable.
Especially compared to other studios nearby.
Got a cut and color w Nicole
I've been getting many compliments on my hair since!
Only downside is the salon is kind of small... it's not fancy shmancy salon.
Everyone was pretty down to earth and nice.
Parking is free out back.
I will keep going back :)
Highly recommend CEG, 
Alex, the owner takes pride in teaching each game as a craft, not just a job.
CEG employee's are passionate about teaching you proper game protection, process and procedures to make you a highly desirable applicant.
Hours are flexible, including some weekends are nice as well.
Alex is an honest, fair, and empathetic owner that want's you to succeed!
I am looking forward to learning several new games.
Go in and ask current student's about their experience, we all love it here!
Spicy ninja roll is the only reason why I keep coming here.
The happy hour pricing and the lunch portions and pricing are a bargain.
Service sometimes lacks but the food is good
Great place!
The entire staff is super friendly.
Ask for Becca if your looking for a good Ashiatsu massage.
Some of the best sushi I've ever had!
And every time we have gone in they have given us a free roll!
Love the yum yum sauce!
Love this place!
Coffee is great and pastries made fresh and yummy!
There's outdoor seating great for when the weather is nice.
The two guys that run this do a real solid job.
One of the better if not the best deli's north of the city.
I was lucky enough to find this place.
The manager Jack was absolutely unbelievably helpful and kind.
And he likes dogs!
He was efficient and help me in anyway he possibly could I was in a dire need of a new mattress and box springs and he helped me.
I was in and out of there within a half hour of choosing what I wanted.
I am not sure that I will ever shop anywhere else for a mattress.
They will have my business forever and I will also let everyone know about them.
Fast easy and efficient.
Thank you again for all your help and consideration and time.
We got a GO room which was nice but 2 stars off for:

1.
Our toilet overflowed at 3am
2.
No late check-out, not even at noon!
I was looking forward to the bed since everyone raved that you couldn't get out of it but for me, I got out of it with no hesitation.
My bed at home is waaaaaay better.
I did enjoy the built-in TV in the mirror in the bathroom.
My BF thought I fell in the toilet because I was taking so damn long but I just had to reassure him that I was just watching TV LOL!
And I didn't mind the pink florenscent lighting in the bathroom.
Pink is my favorite color!
Sure the casino floor can be smoky but I really didn't care because as a smoker, I was contributing to the smokiness.
And boo to the cocktail waitress that wouldn't give my BF 2 drinks because she was insinuating that one was for me and I wasn't playing at the time.
Um, missy can't you see that I have 2 drinks already that are keeping me rather busy?
The pool is the highlight of the whole place.
So much fun!!!
The slides connecting to the pools were great and the turn around of people was pretty good so you will find a lounge chair.
Sure there were kids but not as much as I expected.
And they were about 12+ years old and watching them have a blast made me feel like acting 12 years old again and go down the slide over and over and over and over again.
The waterfall is nice too.
And how LUCKY was I when I lost my DL in the pool and one of the lifegaurds was able to spot me out and give it back to me!
Lifegaurd you ROCK!!!!!
2 for 1 Dos Equis at the pool bar!
Drunk swimming!
Hell yeah!
We decided to try someplace new for our weekly breakfast out as a family, and I'm so happy we went to Lone Spur Cafe.
Our server, Michelle, was awesome!
We had our two toddlers with us, and she engaged them from the get-go, which is huge for us.
She got our older daughter some stickers to play with, and they even had a saddle bag up front with goodies in it that the kids got to pick from.
She mentioned that it's a very family-oriented business, and that was very clear in how the kids were treated as guests, not just accessories of their parents.
I love it when businesses embrace kids!
The food was also top-notch, and arrived to the table quickly.
I had the Eggs Benedict, and loved their thick, buttery Hollandaise sauce.
Their breakfast potatoes were also very good.
My husband had a skillet meal that looked great, and I stole a bite of his toast with house-made jam, that was seriously soooo good.
The service, food, and atmosphere at Lone Spur were all great, and we will definitely make a return trip in the future to try some of their other offerings!
A big THANK YOU to the management and staff for creating such an awesome family environment!
I got a French manicure and pedicure done from here a week ago.
When I came home, I noticed that my heels were all scratched.
Moreover, the French manicure started peeling 2 days later.
When I went back to show them my nails, they said they don't guarantee regular nail paint and were least interested in attending to my concern.
It would have been better if I would have not paid extra money for the French manicure and painted my nails myself.
Would strongly dissuade anyone from going there for the service and attitude towards their services.
A customer pays for some level of satisfaction and service which seems this place is drastically lacking!
All the locations are convenient easy hours of operations and staff are always friendly!
Price are pretty much compatible with everybody else!
I came here for a party a few weeks ago so I can't rate this place as a restaurant.
It's a very upscale joint.
Bartenders did a good job of quick service.
Typically expensif drinks bottle service once specials were over; just about what one would expect.
The decor is modern.
Large screens placed through the upstairs lounge.
The DJ played some really great hip hop sets; really loved the music.
I especially liked the upstairs outdoor patio area.
Very cool place to hold a party!
Excellent idea and execution.
I love that the pierogies rotate and then lunch special was very affordable.
Excellent service as well.
Food was as advertised/reviewed by others...love that it's so close to home too!
And nicest people imaginable too!
!
I just came here with my friend who had to get his car checked for something really quick.
Pros:
+Attendant was quick, responsive and nice.
+Wait was short (it was an easy task).
+Waiting room is nice - complementary water, coffee/teas.
Magazines and television for entertainment.
+There is free wifi.
Cons:
- Waiting room is a little small (probably sits around 6-10).
- I would like it more spacious and open.
Too much gringo, not enough gourmet.
Pico is overly chunky and hasn't been allowed the time to sit.
Salsa verde from a jar.
Raw onion everywhere, mayo chipotle sauce in the burrito...
It's good Mexican style food, but it's not Mexican food.
On the same page as Mucho Burrito in my book.
Happened to be walking by on Taco Tuesday.
SO, I decided to stop in and try some tacos.
Got a couple beef and pork and chicken.
Very good!!
Great actually!
The reason I gave a 4 star rating is because I got these to go, and I jumped in the car and only had to go a few miles away.
They were wrapped in foil, but, they were not hot when I got back to work.
I wonder if they could warm the shells, too--just a suggestion.
BUT nice, nice guys who work there and the tacos are delicious!
!
The one time I came here for myself, my Arizona Brown spider bite was diagnosed as a staff infection.
Either way I would have gotten antibiotics, but the misdiagnosis turned me off from this hospitals expertise, especially after a friend who is an army medic and an EMS team diagnosed it right.
Bobby Flay makes delicious food.
I have been to Mesa Grill three times, twice for lunch, and it's one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
The space is huge, so even on a night you think a seat might take a while, they can typically accommodate you, so don't skip this place thinking it'll be too tough to get seated.
Each time the service has been fantastic.
For lunch both times I got the Green Chili Cheeseburger, which comes with some awesome spicy French fries.
The sandwich has cheese, delicious green chili and picked onions.
It's awesome and that's why I got it both times.
For dinner, I got the pork, and there's was absolutely nothing left on the plate.
The price is what you'd expect, but not outrageous.
It's definitely worth the visit on your trip to Vegas.
5 *****.
I've been massaged in 4 states by dozens of masseuses over ten years.
I have received sports massages, Swedish and deep tissue.
I consider La Vida to be a very good facility and Angel to be a very competent therapist.
For more than 6 months I have gone once every 3-4 weeks.
I work out regularly and consider a massage a great way to heal sore muscles and low back pain from sitting at a desk all day.
After my old therapist moved to Florida, I began the annoying process of trying new ones.
Some have trouble dialing up or down the pressure.
Some can't get the low back pain out like others.
Some reek of cigarette smoke.
Some are lazy, using one hand at a time instead of two.
Then I found Angel, who is quite competent.
If you wanna chat, she'll chat.
If you want quiet relaxation, she'll put you at ease.
If you say "I hurt here", she will solve it.
I consider one of Angel's attributes to be the fact she can dial up or down pressure just BARELY, and maintain that.
She can find where it hurts and, due to her through knowledge of fascia and layers of tissue, massage the pain away.
After repeat sessions, she understands I need more pressure on the right side of my spine than my left.
Angel's ability to meet her clients needs combined with her through knowledge of muscle and fascia along with the ability to maintain consistent pressure make her an extremely competent therapist.
If Angel is busy or sick, Ivan is a fantastic alternative.
He's an A in my book, with Angel an A+.
Edit: Forgot to mention, Ivan's strengths are deep tissue and neck work.
If your neck specifically is killing you or you need real deep tissue, Ivan is your man.
La Vida is an upper middle / yuppie chain massage location with ample parking.
I feel strongly that these are superior to middle brow chain massage places (such as Massage Envy) and superior to upscale spas (such as Sewickly or Seven Springs or Esspa).
Simply put, La Vida has lots of returning clients and as such, a steady stream of business and competent and calm massage therapists with little turnover.
I had explicitly explained to your manager that 1) I didn't receive an email - so I didn't see this fine print that you speak of; 2) I'm in the process of relocation, so I don't have my license transferred to NV and still work in both NV and CA.
Maybe the reason you boast not being a crowded gym is that you won't let anyone use your facility without these crazy conditions that I and others speak of in reviews...

Additionally, you have one shower stall with a huge rainfall shower head; not everyone wants to have water falling directly on their head and no where else...
Anyway, thank you to the GM for being such a jerk; this allowed for me to see that there is no flexibility whenever there is an issue that may arise with your patrons.
The reason I signed with 24?
Their staff was understanding of my situation and totally accommodating.
Yay for them - love them!!
!
Boyfriend and I don't really gamble (tho, I do occasionally play some Blackjack or Poker), so when we come to Vegas, it's usually for a different reason -- wedding, or, most recently, Boyfriend's show at the Double Down saloon.
Thus, we actually PREFER a hotel with no casino in it.
I got a Travelzoo rate several months ago for $109/nt for a King Suite with a view.
When we arrived, check-in was VERY efficient and speedy.
Our room was on the 55th floor and we had a view straight down the Strip.
The room was spacious and had a well-equipped kitchenette (including Sub Zero mini fridge, Bosch microwave and Cuisinart toaster and blender).
The bathroom had a huge marble shower and separate Jacuzzi bathtub, double marble sinks and a flatscreen TV INSIDE of the mirror!
The furnishings are very clean and modern and the room felt luxurious.
The best part of the entire room was the bed!
It was easily the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in -- IN MY LIFE!
The front desk told me they are made by Stearns & Foster specially for Mr. Trump, but that he thinks something similar is available through the company.
The sheets were high TC and the pillows and comforter were lofty and plump.
The hotel also offers a 4 p.m. late checkout for no additional charge, which was perfect since we were out until 4 a.m. the night before.
My complaints are extremely minor: no call-down service for the valet (but the wait was usually only about 10 minutes), no free WiFi ($12/day is a little steep and I felt it should have been included), no additional toiletries like mouthwash or toothpaste and the shampoo/conditioner wasn't very high quality.
Boyfriend also thought there should be some sort of rubber mat for the shower, since it was all marble and was very slippery once wet.
My only other comment is that the lobby is a little bit gauche (but, it's Vegas...what lobby isn't?!).
All in all, I thought this was a FANTASTIC value and, as I said, the best bed I've experienced in my life.
I will definitely be back.
p.s.
in response to those who say it's "off the Strip," it's not.
It's on the older part of the Strip (near Circus Circus), but it's not technically "off-Strip."
Also, when it's 110 degrees outside, I don't know who is actually WALKING from casino to casino, anyway!!!
Seriously?
Doesn't everyone take a cab everywhere?
This place is very small and cozy, but what I love most is that you really get such great food for the price!
Also, its a family-owned place, and we always make a point to come out and support the owners who we've gotten to know, every time we're in Kensington :).
Best breakfast place in town, hands-down, if you are looking for a simple, down-home breakfast!
Very happy with the friendly service as well as they got me in and out.
I had never been a customer of Red Devil Auto but I am now, glad I stopped here.
stopped in there for lunch ordered 2 item combo lemon chicken and ginger beef  got 5 piece of lemon chicken which was very lightly flavored  and got 6 pieces of for lack of a better term ginger beef there words not mine because there was no ginger to be found it was bland and cold .
the chow mein was pretty good but really do not be so cheap im ordering a meal not a snack pack guess i lucked out not being to much did not have to endure there food if your looking for chinese foood or even a reasonable facsimile of this is not it do not waste your money.
Usually the first thing I say when I walk into Monday's is "God damn it!
Why am I at Monday's?"
I hate this place.
Way too crowded.
Shitty music.
No atmosphere.
Stay the hell away.
I've always liked best buy, however I recently came in looking for a router to connect to my two computers, the suggested to get a splitter, i bought that came home to use it and it didn't work, went back exchanged it to a different type of switch and it didn't work again, after my third trip i figured out I needed a router and decided to go on the shelf and get it myself.
Not very impressed with my last trip.
I really loved this place!
The food tastes amazing and fresh i ate the ribeye and as big as it is for a lady i almost ate it all!!
(If it wasnt because i was with some business partners haha) the pork belly nachoa are to dieee for will deff come back and eat some more!
!
This place is as friendly and kind as you would expect to be treated in the farm belt, where this company hails from.
Also portions are huge!
A special shout out for Yvette.
The nicest and most darling waitress you'll ever meet
Amazing steak, great cocktails, plus very efficient and friendly service.
We'll definitely be coming back!
Not bad dollar value for where you are.
Menu if kid of small in selection, but they cover the bases.
I had   the burger.
Fries were cold, and burger was not as hot as I thought it should be.
The beef brisket was not hot, but it was a ok.
Waiter was right on.
Bad 1st experience!
Charged for something I didn't ask for or receive.
The young lady at the drive thru was rude and incompetent, it's just coffee and a danish.
How do you screw that up?
Will never visit this store again especially if she's on the window.
Bottom line, put friendly people on the window who can place an order and swipe a card.
One of my fathers favorite places to have breakfast.
El Mesquite is a bit of a drive and in the hood but anytime my dad asks if I want to join him I always say yes.
The food is done well.
The Mexican standards: beans, rice, chips and salsa are all tasty.
I've had several items over the years from chile verde to chorizo.
We really only go for breakfast so I can comment on the other items.
But nothing I've ever ordered has been off the mark.
The stand out for me are the tortillas and especially the horchata.
It has to be the best non homemade horchata I've ever tasted.
Executed perfectly.
I would definitely go here more often and for more meals if it werent so far from home.
The only thing that makes extended layovers bearable, is the Maple Leaf Lounge.
this little oasis makes time fly.
If I do not have nay pressing deadlines, I am happy to just read my book and have some snacks.
However, if the pressure is buildling up at work, I enjoy their wireless internet, and Citrix in, and get productive.
The snacks are usually perfect for what I am looking for.
They usually have a wide assortment of light items.
I tend to be on and off diets, so if I am craving sugar, they got it.
If i am watching my intake, they have fruits and veggies.
The staff are always non-intrusive, and the guests tend to be like-minded.
Other than the comfy setting and snacks, it keeps me out of the shops.
:)
This place gets 4  stars based on the hotel it self.
It's location gets 2 stars.
Thus the 3 star rating.
The hotel offers a shuttle to the airport.
I was on there for business, and the front desk clerk was extremely helpful, as far as helping me with directions and getting where I needed to go.
The only negative to this hotel, was the location.
30th and Van Buren is not such a nice area of Phoenix.
Granted, it's nowhere near the shadiest, but if you have a choice, you should make a point not to stay east of 7th Street and Van Buren.
So the guys told me they steep the fresh brews for 7min.
If you like your tea strong like me, order any fresh brew for 10 min steep and the drink half sweetened with honey.
BOMB.
Update: CREPES ARE BOMB.
I'm used to a crepe having only the stuffing on a small mid section on the half of the crepe.
But these crazy  people put the toppings on the whole complete half of the crepe and then fold it in that typical crepe way that it feels like it's a crepe cake with fruit and Nutella layers.
BOOM
My sister got married here tonight.
I'll start by staying that the venue is gorgeous.
There is not a lot of parking so just plan on that.
I am giving this place a one star simply because the owner Betty was terrible.
She was cold and unkind.
At 8pm when the part still had one hour, she started going table to table dumping out drinks and cleaning up.
It Made the guests uncomfortable and my sister (the bride) felt anxious and started cleaning up and asking others to do the same.
I thought that was unprofessional.
She was also drunk and smelled strongly of alcohol.
Not that I care if you're drinking but perhaps that altered her mood.
I stopped in because Harumi Sushi no longer serves dinner options, only sushi.
Upon entering the restaurant I was greeted by a nice woman.
After glancing over the menu, I chose the lasagna, which comes with sourdough bread.
I wasn't in a dine-in mood so I took the order togo.
The restaurant was clean and I only waited about ten minutes to receive the meal.
However, the clean environment and short wait time cannot make up for the bad taste of the food.
The lasagna was horrible!!
It taste extremely bad and I don't know if it is just me or not but when did lasagna start being made with carrots?
Moral of the story is, I will not be returning again!
Craig puts the customer first.
He gives friendly good service quickly and gets good results.
I'm a big fan of ramen and prefer Imadake's ramen over the ramen at Kazu and Ramen-ya.
The spicy ramen is especially good!
The noise level is high and reservations are always a good idea because this place is generally packed at night.
What a great cocktail bar!
I'd never spent time off the strip in Vegas, but I was staying in Downtown for a work trip last month when my friend and I came across Velveteen Rabbit.
Vegas gets a bad name for being super kitschy and touristy, but there are places like this bar that are so refreshing and change my whole perspective on what the city has to offer.
I loved the inventive menu and the back story of the bar's inception.
One thing I loved about it most?
It's classy, but not snooty.
This place gone down in last 5 years.
Steaks are not up to par anymore, certainly not in this price range.
Regular, okay steak.
Expectations not met at all.
Presentation is slaking.
Take your dollars somewhere else.
There are plenty much better steak houses with much better in the same price range.
The only good things that are still left: Bread basket and wine list.
But these will not make me come back anymore.
It's not that I did not like it, the place is just not good anymore.
We liked this location better than the one inside Concord Mills.
The crew here is pretty green, yet try to offer good customer service.
A few of  the patrons had some problems with their orders.
Which made us think they were rushing so that they started having lots of errors.
I rather wait one extra minute to get it right versus 10 to completely remake the order.
One our sides was cold which they quickly fixed for us.
We appreciated that service.
I understand a rush, but moderate flow should allow for someone to come tidy the dining room-our only peeve.
All in all, it was a typical Popeye's which we would return.
So many great things about this resort.
Loved staying offstrip for a quieter experience.
The good:.
Staff are great (see exception below).
Most staff here were fabulous.
The check in was smooth, the valet staff are lovely, one of the cleaning staff even offered to wait for me to get my Starbucks when she saw me hesitating to leave the guest access only area because I forgot my card.
The amenities here are awesome!
The pools are gorgeous and one pool has a sand bottom portion with a sand beach.
The only thing I will say needs to change is the pool staff.
For the most part the wait staff was okay but could definitely improve but what I found awful were the lifeguards.
The first day we were at the pool three lifeguards just talked amongst themselves and bottle flipped to keep themselves busy.
Yes, bottle flipped - my 8 year kids favorite game.
There was even a point where a young child in the pool went face down in the water and the adult with them didn't notice and guess what?
Neither did the lifeguards.
No kidding someone is going to die on their watch if they continue like this.
The second day here it was two lifeguards having a bromance looking at each other the whole time instead of at the pool.
I get that it's not that busy but it's a job that has some dangerous consequences if you aren't doing your job even for a moment.
Instead they were passing a life float between them for fun, talking about picking girls up at the bar to the point my husband had to leave becauae he didn't want to here their childish talk anymore.
Otherwise a fantastic stay.
I'd return here for sure.
I've got a 2 hour layover so armed with my trusty ipad I decided to review this box restaurant.
I usually don't review places like this.
They are all the same to me.
Food is on the average side.
I ordered a chilli, coffee, and a donut.
The food tastes the same as every other T Hortons I've been to.
That's the advantage of these box restaurants, generally there are no surprises.
My tirade is going to be on the service staff.
These women are awful!
The counter person who served me did not dare look me in the eyes when addressing me.
Avoiding eye contact, looking down, she mumbled something incoherent to me.
I had to ask her twice what she was trying to say to me.
She wanted to know what kind of bun do I want with my chilli....
Whole wheat or white.
I know many of the counter people who work at T Hortons are immigrants working for min wage and they are working long hours, but have a bit of empathy!
A weary traveler would certainly appreciate a friendly smile and a sweet disposition!
I think showing that you're happy can make you feel happy!
Just food for thought....  Something to think about on your next coffee break.
Walked in the door and my 9 year old pointed out that the place smelled like a bathroom.
I shrugged it off and told her they must have been cooking a lot of eggs.
I should have listened to my kid.
Ordered a specialty margarita that looked nothing like the picture and tasted like a watered down regular margarita.
The waitress, who was doing double duty as the hostess, explained that all the bartenders "do them differently" and offered to take it back.
I kept it, as I'm always afraid to send food back, who knows what I'll get in its place.
Luke warm, bland food.
So disappointed as I have been to a location in San Diego where the drinks and food were great.
Oh well, we had to use our coupon...
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
I'm a bit of a sucker for Irish fare in general, but the atmosphere here takes it a step further.
Small and intimate with dark woods and nice artistic accents.
I've had just about everything on the menu and the only thing I was unimpressed with was the roasted chicken.
Definitely try the fisherman's stew!
It's sooo goooood.
The corned beef and cabbage is amazing, the shepherd's pie is so savory and the bangers and mash are just wonderful.
They do a great snakebite too (which down in Chambana is Guinness and cider, not Guinness and Harp)
A real cozy spot to grab some Greek.
It's tiny, warm, and feels almost divey, but Crazy Jim's is not a bad place to grab a gyro.
I'm not going to say it tastes the most 'authentic', but it is unquestionably satisfying.
It starts with the bread, because if you're not ordering a gyro on your first visit, you're doing it wrong.
The pita is T H I C K. Flavorful.
Heavy.
It serves as a great foundation.
The meat is tasty, the toppings are good and have plenty of customizable options.
I had warm feta to top mine off, and it was great despite almost being too rich.
They are very generous portions.
You can get pizza, beer, and a variety of other dishes at an affordable price, so you've got nothing to lose by giving it a try!
Just be warned that parking is a bit of a pain.
I've been a regular at Sport Clips since my first review (Nov 17, 2016) of the Arizona Pavilions location in Marana.
Since then I moved to Chandler and have been a customer at this location for a few months now.
The price for a haircut at this location is a little higher than I was paying in Marana.
However, I still believe it is a good value due to the quality of the service.
I also appreciate the fact that they usually have more staff on duty than the Marana location and so the wait time is shorter, especially on busy Saturday mornings.
When to Grab breakfast as I do everyday.
Get to work open my box and it appears that my food looks trampled and thrown away.
Not what I expect from Chick-Fil-a.
This is probably some of the worst looking breakfast I have had in awhile.
I'm a return Audi customer and I've had Audi for 10 years.
So far I'm a little bummed because I waited in the lobby for 10 min and nobody would help me...
Place was recommended to as an alternative to the super busy other seafood place and tried it out for dinner with my family over the weekend.
Fancy interior decor that was expected from this sort of restaurant.
Had reservations so didn't have to wait long.
Set dinner was competitively priced, and had decent portions for a 5 person meal.
When a friend told me there was a Pierogi place near my house I was excited.
I went and had dinner two nights later and saying I was happy doesn't do it justice.
I had the Kielbasa with Cabbage and Mushroom Pierogis.
I also got to try the Meatballs with Tomato Sauce and the Farmers Cheese and Chive Pierogis.
The Kielbasa was lean and tasty.
Both Pierogis were great but the Meatballs were fantastic.
On a whim I took the Beef Stuffed Cabbage with Mushroom Gravy for lunch.
It was very good but didn't compare to the Meatballs.
Probably because the Tomato Sauce was much richer in flavor.
Don't forget to visit the market next door.
It has so many goodies including Cracovia Plum Butter.
Simply Fantastic.
Beautiful food and restaurant.
they give ya food for days and days!
I got the deelish risotto (they have multiple risottos).
the service was great too.
Sushi was average, I was pretty excited after seeing the reviews, but it isn't anything special.
The cheapest roll I got ended up being better than their more expensive rolls.
The pot stickers were pretty good, but the sauce they came with...not so much.
This place should be rated less than zero for customer service.
We had a horrible experience with the buffet.
Couldn't tell you about the food.
We got in the line at 9:59 am and were told they were closed when the sign said they served until 10:00 am.
That might have been ok if they weren't so rude and when we walked away the cashier actually laughed!
OMG!
I called to complain to the food service manager.
I was told he was in meeting.
Not even offered someone else or voice mail.
I guess the lack of good customer service starts at the top.
Too bad since it's not a bad place otherwise.
Montreal bagels were well worth the experience even in the pouring rain.
There were bagel samples galore in this tiny space.
I scored a caraway (cumin) and sesame bagel.
I heard that the sesame bagels came out hot which was the closest thing to toasted they offered.
Anyway, I really enjoyed their flavor and texture.
I would agree they are superior to our Denver bagels.
I thought it was fair.
Went to visit them while they were at Whole Foods.
I had the Vegi Jambalaya bowl which actually comes in a cardboard carton.
Has rice, beans, cheese, cabbages and some peppers.
It was OK, but I'd never wait 30 minutes in line for it again.
So its put in this cardboard box, then the red and white checkorboard paper is put in, then the rice, beans, cabbage, etc.
The problem with this is the paper is not designed to be under juicy foods like beans, so by the time I got down to the bottom the paper was disintegrating into my food.
Not very  appetizing.
They might want to rethink putting the paper in their bowls.
Anyway, wouldn't pay $8 for this again, and likely won't visit them again either.
By far my favorite Cleveland/Akron restaurant!
Great food, very consistent.
Bartenders are always great.
If it is on the menu...
Try it.
Only the Navajo tacos have been so so.
Everything else is outstanding.
Quite a disappointment really.
Over priced non-specialty grocery store that only has you coming back simply because nothing else is close by.
Limited produce selection due to space, nothing is fresh, huge sweets section, not sure why.
They do have prepared meals hot and ready to go but they are served in hot plastic and the plastic is placed on a heated table to keep the food warm and toxic, hot food and plastic is pure poison,  by now you know how I feel about plastic and hot food.
Plastic is the root of all evil when it comes to healthy eating.
Speaking of healthy, they have a Good-life located just above with a lot a traffic as a result, you would think Longos would make some effort to provide some healthy alternatives at this location.
Get rid of the Starbucks or white sugar counter and put in a juice bar and replace the white sugar section with some products conducive  to the gym and healthy eating.
Our favorite when in Las Vegas.
Fantastic prime rib and always great service.
We miss Ms. Taylor, but Ms.
Pleasant took over and we had a great time celebrating my wife's Birthday.
Ms.
Pleasant is excellent!
See you next visit!!!!!
!
Came here for dinner with a friend.
We lined up for ~20mins to get a seat for two.
During the 20mins, none of the servers came to ask us how many people, we waited until a table left and that was when the server came over.
I've passed this restaurant quite a few times, and it usually isn't that busy...
But I guess we went on a Friday night and peak dinner time.
I was very surprised that the food was better than I expected.
I got the chicken teriyaki, which came with green salad, rice, two grilled chicken breasts.
The chicken wasn't that great..
But oh wells the sauce was delicious.
My friend got the crazy platter!
That was AMAZONG !!
It came with a pork and fish katsu, hamburger patty with fried egg on top, macaroni salad, coleslaw, cabbage salad!
The portion was big, and filling!
I'm giving it a four star because I think the staff should try to learn how to approach customers when there is a line up out their door.
We were kinda confused.
This place leaves a lot to desired.
My dad and I went during the week because he was craving Mexican food.
So, I suggested we give Gil's a shot - trying to support local restaurants.
It was in a pretty dingy strip mall but we weren't deterred.
There was a family eating on the patio so we decided to eat inside (and were the only ones in there, aside from one guy that stopped in to get a take-out order).
We started with chips and salsa.
The chips were descent - thicker than normal but tasty.
The salsa (if you can call it that) was horrible.
Not much better than tomato paste and a few spices.
Then, we got a cheese crisp with green chiles.
This was the highlight of the meal.
Not a memorable cheese crisp but the green chiles were fresh and not canned.
For entrees I got a shredded beef taco and my dad got a combo plate with an enchilada, rice and beans.
Pretty bad - bland and nothing to come back for.
The 1-star is for the friendly service, good chips and okay cheese crisp.
But, if you're wanting Mexican food, you'd be better off at Valle Luna or Manuel's.
And my rating is not because I'm comparing this place to normal "Mexican food" places - I know this place is supposed to be "New Mexican."
I have been to good New Mexican food restaurants - this will never be one of them.
My wife and I know breafast fare, and we think Bouchon is the best anywhere, bar none.
Yesterday morning was our second visit to Bouchon - the first was a couple years ago.
The setting feels elegant and calm, in stark contrast to manic hustle of the Las Vegas Strip.
My wife ordered the Quiche du Jour, which yesterday was a quiche florentine (spinach and cheese), served with a simple salad of lightly dressed greens.
I had the Croque Madame (toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce) which was served with more french fries than I deserved.
Seriously, Chef, you can pull back on the volume of fries.
But everything, from the complimentary bread served with butter and incredible jam, to the perfect quiche to the wonderful croque, was FANTASTIC.
Highly recommend.
Only criticism was they were a bit snooty when my wife and I tried to swing by for lunch the day before - seems strange that they say they are open for lunch but close at 1 pm.
Regardless, we can't wait to come back.
Excellent flavour, clean, nice people!
Love the ambient.. the "hot wings are not really that hot"
I'd never dine in at the restaurant before, I had always ordered delivery on the app just eat and I really liked their foods.
I was very satisfied with the food that I get, but it is little but expensive compared to most sushi places I order from.
Plus I recommend not to deliver because I've been experiencing longer waiting than was told to me, especially when it's only a 15min drive.
This place gets a 2 stars because while the food is delicious heir service is horrible.
Every time I order from here it is always some kind of issue.
The first time I tried to order their 4$ ginger salad with extra vegetables she informed it only comes with iceberg lettuce and shaved  carrots.... pause- FOUR DOLLARS?
Never mind!
I came to dine in today and we order our appetizers- I ordered sushi and Tom Kia soup with modifications to it.
and everything came out of the kitchen out of order.
My soup came before everyone it was not modified the way I asked for it.
And when she sent it back to be corrected the main dishes came out not the appetizer so we said never mind and my soup never came out.
I only recommend eating as take out and check your orders to make sure they are correct!
I call it Central Avenue Hiking Trail.
I've heard folks call this the Bridle Path, but there are a lot more running shoes and strollers than riding boots and saddles.
NOBODY says Murphy Bridle Path, except maybe some grisly old dudes munching stogies and kicking out women at Phx Country Club.
"there are no brides either so all the times you see it referred to as Bridal Path is wrong. "
Artur C.   ell oh ell 8^ D

I really love this path.
I like going out into wilderness more than strolling through the city's center, but THERE'S SHADE ON THIS TRAIL !!!
Yea!
If you were to go all heat stroke it wouldn't take a helicopter to extract you!
Yea!
Lots of friendly people of various hobbies and fitness levels, and a Boy Scout troop (I cannot recall the name of to give credit to) has even continued to supply the doggie mitt boxes with real pick-up bags, even though the city of Phoenix has stopped supplying them to all of the dog parks.
At the north end of the path, you are a little south of Dunlap ave, near Corbin's and Bombero's, and at a crossroads with the Trail going along the Canal.
You can park in the lot at Senior Villa Mexican Restaurant [*Edit: Formerly this mexican rest, but now the new Central Grille at 8525 N Central*].
If you want to start further south, then there are plenty of churches where you can prob park, but this restaurant is not open in the early part of the day, so even on weekends, this is a nice place to park.
Lock up!
Despite your surroundings, and those even more posh further to the south, you are only a 5 minute walk from downtown Sunnyslope.
On the southwest side of the canal, there's a house with it's back wall bordering the canal path.
The folks here have built a few Guard Towers for their little dog, and s/he gets to runs up the steps to see over the wall and bark at whomever is going by.
NEAT and FUN for that dog, but was a little distracting to my dogs, who wanted to eat that yappy little....)
Only trouble I had: 
once you're down the road a bit further south on Central, you are moving past various houses, estates, and condominiums, and are no longer near any of those restaurants up near Dunlap, however there is a distinct odor of DIRTY SPENT FRYER GREASE all up and down the path.
I wonder if the city sprays a petroleum product on the unpaved path to keep dust down?
I hope not; they did that on my street as a kid in Detroit, and anyone who walked on it barefoot got blisters, cracking, and peeling skin.
Blech!
Even if I lived near here, I'd rather have the dust, and I don't want that on my dogs feet, either.
One reason I'd use this path in the summer is that with all the nice sized shade trees, you don't need to get your dog booties.
Pick up after your dogs.
What's with the people who tie it up in a baggie, but then leave the baggie?
There is no way this place deserve a high raiting on yelp

This is the most unprofessional and disorganized range I ever been to.
I gave it a chance as it was close my home but I really regret I did

We arrived and immediately put our names on a list, upon asking how long will it be, the lady behind the counter replied, 20 to 30 minutes.
That's ok I'll wait a bit and see what happens

I go and observe the range, only 7 spots, seems small but I'll deal with it.
I see three lanes open up, range officer says over the radio, three lanes are open.
15 minutes go by, still no one in the lanes.
The place is packed at this point.
Other customers are getting irritated.
I go back and ask how much longer, she tells me 25 minutes.
Another customer starts yelling "there are three open lanes back there, what's the hold up" she replies that she didn't know, after I observed four radio transmissions stating three lanes are available and one range personnel coming to the counter to say three lanes are open.
At this point, I had enough, got up and left and proceeded to range 702, where I started shooting within 5 minutes of arrival.
Do yourself a favor, skip this place, unprofessional and a waste of time with a horrible set up
So I was waiting  to check out and the lady who took me was very rude she needs to be trained to do her job right if she does nt.
like her job than leave.
She  was a lady maybe in her 50s she had black hair .
I was asking her how much was each items I had a budget and I didn't want to go over and she said well that's why there a machine on the register to tell you how rude of her to say that to me .
I felt like it was a bother of her having me there there fore I will never come back unless you want to have bad customer service
Worst Experience Ever!
The customer service reps were very unprofessional and I was unable to get contacts, even though I had a prescription already written up.
I tried to order contacts online through another company because they were so expensive.
The company needed doc's approval, but was declined because I didn't go through the check up process that I wasn't notified about to make sure the contacts suited me.
The entire process just to get in for an eye exam before was even more ridiculous.
Excellent pizza!
I travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cities is to try a locally owned pizza place.
Delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and breadsticks were hot on arrival and the delivery guy was friendly.
The breadsticks came with a really flavorful sauce and themselves were perfectly baked and seasoned.
The pizza was just a cheese pizza and the ratio of cheese/sauce/crust was on point and tasted great!
As much pizza as I eat I ought to be considered an expert and if I wasn't leaving town tomorrow I'd be visiting these guys again.
Great food.
Thank you!
This is another great ayce sushi place I visit at least once a month.
The biggest selling point is the fact that they actually have little rice with their sushi.
I hate how some places have rice that's size of my fist with such a small sushi piece.
However, the Entrees here are comparably worse than Sushi Legend (my favourite ayce place).
All food is good here I usually get the Italian sub or pizza.
Would recommend.
Very busy on Friday and Saturday.
If you can pick it up usually takes about an hour for delivery.
And if you order sides of sauces make sure you get usually they forget to put in my bag.
Being huge fans of Unibroue (and the fact that they don't give tours at the brewery), it was essential for us to check out Fourquet Fourchette... and that we have... TWICE!
A great place for beer geeks!
They have their entire line-up of current beers to choose from and an excellent little store that you can purchase bombers and interesting things like Trois Pistoles Mustard, Blance De Chambly Orange Marmalade, and Trois Pistoles Blackberry Jam (we purchased all three of these and they are all delicious)!
We hit the restaurant at a weird time (around 4pm) on this trip and they had a limited menu.
We did a meat and cheese plate to go along with a Sampler (3 ounces of Blanche De Chambly, Ephemere [Seasonal], Blonde De Chambly, Noire De Chambly, La Fin Du Monde, and Trois Pistoles) and Seigneuriale for me and an Ephemere Cerise (Cherry) for my wife.
A minor setback was that four of the six beers in my sampler came out of the bottle instead of the tap, so only two of them had that super-fresh taste, but it was still good nonetheless.
I would recommend finding out what is on draft and sticking with those, though, because those beers will rank among the best beers you will ever have in your life.
Restaurant atmosphere was beautiful.
When we went during the summer, it felt like a lovely cottage house on the lake.
When it was cold in October, it felt like a rustic ski lodge just getting ready for the snow.
Service was very courteous.
We practiced our French this time (as there were some language barriers on the first visit) but both of our servers spoke excellent English.
Definitely recommended to swing through on your way up to Montreal.
Even if you're heading to Quebec City, it's not difficult to get to, just a long trip after you leave.
If you're heading back to the US, just remember that you'll be dealing with the border about a half-hour after leaving and that might not work out too well.
Please note that we were able to purchase Unibroue shirts on our first trip through but we heard a rumor that no more clothes were being produced.
I hope they change their mind on that one!
Also, be sure to check their hours before making the drive as they have limited hours during Chambly's slower months.
Friendly staff, a great job detailing my car, and gas is always 2 or 3 cents lower than "Big Oil" .
The place is just east if Islington on the south side of The Queensway...
I have had exterior washes there for years (Used to be a Shell) today is the first time I spent 38 dollars for the express interior detail... Great Job ... one of those times when you just have nothing but happy thoughts ...And a nice shiny car inside and out...
I give it 5 stars Bc the good is really good, I'm sure there is better out there but the flavors are fun and unique.
They are fast and convenient, friendly and accommodating.
They give u huge portions, it's always warm and hearty.
The pricing is extremely reasonable and don't skimp on sauces or sides.
They always pay attention to my instructions when I order on grub hub too!
Love this place when I want to have a filling late night dinner.
Delivery times never exceed 30-40 minutes.
My family of four ordered the beef combo, which was indicated for three or four people on the menu.
For $94.99 (without tax), the three meat choices that we had were honestly tasty and tender, but they were brought out in considerably small amounts and were not refillable.
Being accustomed to the cheaper, just-as-good AYCE KBBQ spots in Orange County, CA, we were displeased that we were not full at all after finishing the beef combo.
Overall, we thought our meal wasn't reasonably priced and therefore won't be coming back.
Though, it would have been reasonably priced if the three meat choices had been refillable.
July is my One year anniversary of practicing under Aina, an Authorized Ashtanga Teacher from Shri.
K Pattabhi Jois Ashtanga Yoga institute in Mysore, India.
My practice, knowledge and consistent dedication has progressed tremendously in 1 year versus to all of the years that I have practiced yoga on and off, for cleanses, challenges, girlie times, skittles and giggles....since 2001.
I am so blessed to have this sacred space to traditionally practice the Ashtanga System.
Aina has an amazing way to observe, adjust and allow you to grow into your own practice of Mysore Magic.
Ashtanga (8 Limbs of Yoga) has completely changed my life.
Ashtanga Yoga Las Vegas is the place for you to delve further into the world of sun salutations/Surya Namaskaras at 5:30 am as it was traditionally taught.
I never expected to say that I love a vet.
I love everyone I interacted with thus far at Gateway!
I have two dogs - one loves everyone (so this was easy for him) and the other is ... a little more hesitant.
When I came in, the lobby seemed pretty busy (they were getting low on seating, but not out) and I took a number.
I was seen less than 30 minutes later, and never felt like my wait was too long.
When I was taken back, there are tables set up, where the vets and vet techs come talk with you and help your pet.
You're not in a separate room (like my old vet).
This isn't necessarily a bad thing.
I think for one of my dogs it was better because while he got blood drawn and a vaccine, he was too distracted to care - there was (what looked like a) lab/pit mix across the room who may have at one point looked at him!
How interesting!
and that golden over there!
What's that smell behind me?
Everyone that works there is friendly, and they work quickly.
Since they work rather quickly, don't expect to sit down and have a long conversation.
They get to the point, and then send you on your way because there are twenty more dogs to be seen.
I never felt rushed though.
If you own pets, you know that they can be expensive.
Even small expenses add up quickly.
I ended up at Gateway because I priced out my annual vet trip at my old vet and cringed.
A lot.
I called around and checked out a few other places.
I felt like Goldilocks.
One vet was a little cheaper, but the staff seemed to hate their jobs and maybe me.
Another vet was more expensive but seemed nice.
Gateway?
Gateway was just right.
Gateway didn't offer me any discount, yet I felt like I got two for the price of one (I paid what I would have for just one dog at my old place).
My dogs got their vaccines for the next year plus(heartworm and rabies), as well as kennel cough, and one of my dogs got microchipped.
Previously I was told that the kennel cough vaccine is given every other year as a shot, and every other nasal - but Gateway had oral.
That was so much easier on both of my dogs!
One of my dogs is a pug, so the nasal was unpleasant for him and I (on the plus side, last year I got the vaccine as well - since he sprayed it all over me).
Both of my dogs seemed well cared for while I was there, and got plenty of love.
The microchipped dog seemed neutral (and wouldn't take any treats from the vet tech after she took him to get microchipped), but he pug LOVED it.
I practically had to drag him out of there.
Being so incredibly busy, you'd expect Gateway to be a circus, but it was run pretty smoothly.
I hope I won't be back until next year, but I know that regardless they'll take excellent care of us.
Really friendly staff, very willing to make adjustments or re-make your drink to your liking.
Best boba in town, soft and chewy (even in cold drinks 30 min later), nice honey and brown sugar sweetness...not too sweet and definitely not bland like some other places.
Very good tea flavor and great tea:milk ratio.
Tried the Okinawa milk tea (not as heavy as Hokkaido and more tea than milk flavor).
Loved it!
One of the best winterlicious I tried thus far.
I never really like winterlicious menu, usually it's pretty mediocre.
It is in the higher price range of Winterlicious at $45.
I had sardines as starter and black cod as main.
The cod was very tender and nicely flavored.
I really enjoy my meal.
However, one of my friends had lobster bisque as starter, and he thought it was bland.
And, he had squid as a main, which he thought was the size of a starter.
:/ everyone's a critic.
I thought the service was great too.
Actually my name is Aaron Sloan.
My ex-wife was Erin S. Just clarifying so they know exactly who posted this.
I have spent over 1000 dollars and still not finished from 6+k in damages from the estimate on my car that I left there on a Wednesday afternoon and Geico estimated 15 days to repair it and then was told it was done the next Tues.morning.
Corners cut?
Anyone with half of a brain would agree.
I asked where's my new rim damaged in the accident?
Oh sorry here is another Geico adjuster present standing next to my car.
Owner says my adjuster Tom Fletcher is an asshole and that the guy present standing next to my car was fair and he said he would get me a rim.
And the owner also promised the rim regardless and when I asked how much more to do some touch up paint work he said FREE!
Long as I would bring my business to them, from now on.
He surely noticed that my inspection was up soon as he promised me BOTH!
Then I NEVER heard another word from them again since Dec.2016.
And still have not been able to afford to fix all of the damage done in the accident that they overlooked due to quick in and out.
I had to buy a new battery 3 days later when my car wouldn't start.
Whatever mechanic worked on my car forgot to plug in the power cord to my new radiator cooling fan and my car overheated and had to spend money to get a diagnosis why it was overheating and was a simple wire not plugged in.
So also proof it was never even tested to see if the new fan worked .
This was a front end collision and then I had and still have a loud clicking sound coming from my front wheel where the rim wasn't replaced.
When I took it elsewhere for inspection soon after due to no reply from multiple messages left for the owner gone without a reply?
Rather than bother with them after speaking with an ex-employee, I realized I was screwed.
So then I had a broken tie rod not noticed or added to my estimate and anyone knows you need an alignment when you replace a tie rod so another 300 bucks total.
But still have the clicking noise or loud tapping and my friend said it's either The CV joint or a bent control arm.
But couldn't tell without it on a lift .
So now will end up spending a fortune to finally get my car back to perfect operating condition like it was before one of their tow truck drivers just happened to be standing there in downtown Pittsburgh during rush hour with a walkie.
Waiting to prey on me.
But I still haven't gotten to the most corrupt part.
Geico paid them from my estimate to recharge my A.C. since it was obvious that it was routine when my radiator, cooling fan, and coolant tank were all destroyed.
But guess what happened when I went to actually USE my A.C. a couple months later once winter broke?
Hot air.
So I took it to Ryan's Auto/Goodyear in Moon.
Twp., and explained everything to them.
They said well I can't imagine they would have not recharged your system with refrigerant.
So I paid for a diagnosis and dye ran thru the system and nice of them to only charge me 75 bucks and guess what?
Cold air!!!
NO LEAKS!
SO THEY NEVER EVEN RECHARGED MY A.C. Crooks!
And guess what else ?
I AM AN UBER DRIVER FOR 2PLUS YEARS NOW AND UBER HAS THEIR TEST TRACK BLOCKS AWAY FROM THIS SHOP IN HAZELWOOD JUST BEHIND THE RAILROAD TRACKS!
I have driven Uber employees there too many times to count and as well as them?
I tell ALL of my riders to NEVER take their car here no matter what.
I had to share, this is the best nail salon I've been to in the Vegas area!
Ive had gel twice with Kim and she's great.
The entire salon is staffed by the friendliest people and I think the reviews speak volumes.
My first gel manicure lasted 3 weeks which is unusual for me, I can maybe get 2.
Clean, friendly, and a lasting manicure!
The restaurant was very busy on the Saturday evening, but a table opened up just as we approached the counter to place our orders.
My wife and I each each chose the Great Greek gyro - lamb and beef gyro meat wrapped in pita bread along with lettuce, tomato, tzazki and feta.
At a nominal additional cost, these were upgraded to a platter that included a small Greek salad and soda.
We were more than happy with our dining chose this evening.
worst company I have ever in my life dealt with all way up to management I will never in my life use this company ever again .and will tell everybody and companies I know not to use them.
matter of fact every time i see their trash cans I'm gonna leave a note for other people about how they scam people and let their accounts drag on when there to be closed months ago .
use a different trash company
Had lunch here the other day and wasn't all that impressed.
FIrst off the parking is very strange you have to park off to the side and walk past an empty boarded up building to get to the front door.
The decor is more rock diner than mexican restaurant, but nice enough.
On a weekday at 12:00 they were completely empty and it's a huge restaurant so that's a little bit of a concern right off the bat.
I had the cheese enchiladas which were ok, not anything special and kinda plain.
The Corn pudding for a side was something you never see and was the best thing on my plate.
The Anaheim Chili stuffed with sweet potato would be better if they removed the skin.
It was pretty inedible the way it was served and very messy to scrape the pepper and potato off the skin to eat it.
I will give them props for trying something different, but poor execution at any rate.
The high point was our great server.
She was very friendly and really nice.
So I think going here for chips and beer on the patio would be cool.
The menu is too large and they can only make Vietnamese food.
We ordered Singapore noodles and vegetable fried rice, neither dish looked or tasted line their name sakes.
It looked lime they didn't fry either one.
They brought our dishes out one at a time with 15 minutes between each.
My wife asked for the Singapore noodles not to be too spicy and they cooked it without curry.
We will never come back here.
This place is absolutely amazing.
I was at an art show across the street, starving, late on a Saturday night and I knew I didn't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of old town eateries, I was so glad to stumble upon this amazing hidden jewel.
My boyfriend and I happen to be the only two in the place so our service was of course outstanding.
The food was great, we split the crab puffs, which were nothing special but still good.
I had the beef fried rice, just the presentation was impressive in itself the so to no surprise the taste was equally well over par.
My boyfriend had a chicken curry dish he still raved about days later.
The only thing that might have made our experience less than perfect is that I ordered a pear saketini and the glass came only half full, strange, and the music was less then appealing, if I heard another instrumental version of the song from Titanic one more time during or meal I was going to scream, literally it played four times while we we there, which was only about an hour and a half.
Over all well worth the price we got out of there just under $45 including drinks.
Booked the rental online after comparing prices at other car rental locations on the strip.
The price was reasonable, a little higher than off strip, but was willing to pay for the convenience.
The service was awesome.
Friendly, easy and no high pressure upselling.
The car was clean and was exactly as booked.
Easy to find the car from the clearly marked Hertz stalls.
Placed my very 1st order today.
I am very pleased with my order.
Very friendly and the BEST customer service I've dealt with since moving to the valley.
Thank you for being awesome!
I order a Green Chili with Shredded beef burrito, cheese quesadilla, side of beans, chips and salsa, and a side of sour cream.
It was worth the wait and can't wait to order again!
I like their service, they have plenty of tools and building materials.
They have nice customer service and everything around is clean.
The customer service is very helpful and courteous.
It's worth working with them
Are you ready to be transported?
Because that's what will happen when you order this food, transported to a euphoric state of pure deliciousness.
So I ordered the dumplings and the hunan two.
First things first you can order chow menu instead of rice, which was a hard decision but I went with the chow main.
The staff is very friendly and there is a very cute fish tank while you wait, anyways pick up the food and get home.
This stuff is amazing.
The red bell peppers in here are amazing.
They are fresh and lightly sautéed, as well as the broccoli, zucchini, mushrooms and onions.
This is a great portion for what you are ordering and the meat is nice big slices.
The sauce is this spicy brown concoction with lil Brown beans that are perfectly spicy.
The chow mein is seriously amazing and also a great side size portion.
These dumplings have to be some of my favorites in the valley and I have tried my fair share.
This is incredibly worth it, better than most Chinese take out by far.
It isn't your typical take out.
Seriously give this place a try.
This is the second Mastro's location that I have gone to.
I've been to the one in Thousand Oaks, CA a few times and thought I would give this location a try.
It is located in the Crystals shopping plaza that is next to the Aria hotel.
This place is really nice and you feel a little bit underdressed if you aren't in your Sunday best.
I made reservations ahead of time but the place didn't looked too packed for a Saturday night.
We had a nice table an attentive waiter.
We got our drinks pretty quickly and the martinis were strong.
There was some live music being heard from the lounge area near the bar area which had a nice touch to it.
I still went with the meat selection even though this was the Ocean Club.
My boyfriend and I both had petite which is served on a searing hot plate.
The meat continues to cook on the plate and just easily cuts like butter.
The steak just melts in your mouth as the seasoning of the meat and light butter from the plate meet in your mouth, I call it Meaty Symphonic Harmony.
We also ordered the sweet potato fries as a side.
This is no mere small side dish but a mound of fries is delivered.
Each fry is seasoned with an almost tempura like batter on the outside that leaves you craving more and more.
I was stuffed after the filet and the fries and the yummy bread basket they bring you (with warm pretzel bread and other goodies).
Dessert is something that just can't be missed and I suggest the sinful delight of the signature Warm Butter Cake and whipped cream.
The butter cake is rich and heavy with deliciousness and the whipped cream is no ordinary whipped cream.
It almost has the consistency of ice cream as it hits your palate.
This is my treat for the year, it is expensive so be warned but it is also a high class meal.
I highly recommend it.
I am a fan!
Been here several of times and never a suprise.
Rooms are top notch and the price is Very hard to beat!
Sportsbook is on point!
24hrs?!
Only thing I missed was the fire bet for craps.
From take out box right to the trash can.
I've had Persian, Arminian, Turkish beef Kabob before & I know my middle eastern food, but this thing was absolutely disguising!
The minced beef (koobideh) was dry, not hot & very herbal.
The rice stank so bad I didn't even touch it.
I wonder how they managed to screw white rice like that.
I don't even recommend this place to my enemies!
Johnny Rockets is a decent choice for a weekend lunch at Pittsburgh Mills.
My kids enjoyed the atmosphere and music.
For certain songs, the waitresses have a choreographed song/dance and my kids enjoyed that.
The kids' meals are generously sized as well and neither of my kids could finish their two cheeseburger sliders that they ordered.
I went with the Streamliner, which is a vegan Boca Burger with regular burger fixings.
I am not sure about the bun being vegan.
They can substitute a whole wheat bun but this time, I didn't ask whether they were vegan.
It tasted fine, the toppings were generous and the veg burger was cooked well.
The only thing that I would change next time is that I ask for the bun to be warmed or toasted.
It was a barely room temperature and it detracted from my overall enjoyment of the burger.
The service was great.
Our server was very attentive and friendly.
She was very nice to my kids as well.
Overall, a decent and fairly priced lunch.
I would definitely return.
Nice place..
Excellent decor and authentic food.
Little disappointed with drink, specially Margarita.
Good experience and surely visit again.
We didn't even know this was nearby until a waitress at Great Lakes Brewing Co. mentioned it casually.
How cool!
We walked from that restaurant and neighbors warned us it was "quite a trek!"
But when I said, "My map says 5 more minutes" they agreed it was accurate.
I guess 5 minutes is quite a trek in Ohio.
But really, the neighbors were quite friendly and only one got frustrated at slow drivers in front of the house.
He screeched his tires and cursed, but I think that's rare behavior in the midwest.
Perhaps he was from New York.
The house is great - you can walk up on the front porch and look in the back where Ralphie shot his eye out.
Museum was really just a store.
It's not a bad trek if you have some time to kill and want to walk through pretty neighborhoods and talk to friendly people.
Did the bang for your buck deal I found on Groupon.
Pricey but so worth it!
We were in town for the weekend, and called ahead to make a reservation on a Sunday.
Very friendly and hassle free process over the phone, and they even offered a ride to and from our hotel.
The day of the reservation the driver was a little late, but they called to let us know, which was much appreciated.
He only was 10 minutes behind due to traffic on the strip, which is understandable.
When we arrived we only had to wait 20-30 minutes.
The girl at the counter was super helpful and helped us decide which guns we wanted to try.
Surprisingly, the sten ended up being my favorite for the day.
Brandon walked us through the entire process, he was a great instructor, and very patient with us newbs.
This is a bit embarrassing, but I somehow scratched my delicate hand while handling a gun, I'm usually a big baby, but Brandon was such a gentleman and even gave me a bandaid.
Overall this is experience was amazing and to be honest I'd come regularly if I lived nearby.
Definitely will come back when ever I'm in Vegas!
This place is great I bought a full set of appliances for nearly half the price I would've paid at Home Depot or Lowe's their customer service was great.
Their delivery was great on time and no problems what they said is exactly what they did for me I recommend this place to anybody and everybody who needs appliances!
!
Had a 11 Person dinner there.
Service was good, but Everything is over priced compared to quality.
All the stakes and meet was over done (even when sent back to re do).
Moving is one of the most stressful things in life so if a company can make it a little easier they get an A in my book.
Rich was very helpful and patient.
He gave great recommendations on which truck to rent and what the best deals were.
He even compared to other companies which made me trust him more.
This was one of the best moving experiences I've had.
This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, if not anywhere.
Every aspect is well thought out and perfectly executed.
My husband and I have eaten here twice, both times have been amazing.
We spent our honeymoon in Spain and visited San Sebastián, the home of Spanish pintxos.
This restaurant always reminds me of that amazing trip.
The food is well executed and delicious.
The last time we went we stopped in on a whim expecting to either not get seated or maybe wait for a bar seat.
The staff was so accommodating, they were able to fit us in the dinning room by chance.
Service is superb.
Highly recommend the pickled cauliflower, amazing dish.
Had the Carnitas tacos.
Very good quality - fast and friendly service.
Delicious.
Nice atmosphere.
Oh yeah.
Authentic.
5 stars.
Saw the Kusama exhibit.
Lots of dots.
Long lines.
Took 90 minutes and I was very satisfied at the end.
Service was lovely.
I live in NYC and have eaten Spanish style tapas there and in Spain for decades.
I guess the novelty of tapas in PA carries this place?
Food tasted good.
Service was friendly.
But even for tapas - the serving sizes on the larger plates was tiny.
$52 for 6 or 7 ounces of chicken and a couple of cups of rice?
We spent at least $30 a person on food and were still very hungry - at which point we decided to cut our losses and head elsewhere for dessert and a night cap.
Due to majorcontruction could not get any information or a tour.
The building site looks great and currents reside traceaboutgneace
Marcus was amazing, such a great personality!
He was so helpful and definitely knew everything and anything about all the brands.
Answered any questions we had.
If you want the greatest customer service and most knowledgable person, ask for Marcus!
...best Chai I've ever had and I'm having dreams about this yummy pastry called a "Man Bar" ...Bacon, Chocolate Chips, Bourbon ...concoction.
This.
Place.
Is.
Solid.
We came here during the middle of the downtown lunch rush hour with a party of 13 and only had to wait 5 minutes for a table.
Given the amount of people in our party, the waiters did an excellent job.
The servers were polite, prompt and knowledgable of the menu.
It is nice coming to place where your menu questions are answered without an eye roll and with confidence.
We started with the Pretzel Bun and Fried Shrimp with Jalapeño appetizers.
These were amazing.
The breading on the fried stuff was seasoned nicely and the Pretzel Buns coupled by the cheese sauce were simply irresistible.
I ordered the Cubano sammich and of course it was delicious.
The amount of smokiness in the pork was a punch to the mouth but in a good way.
Normally I don't like going back to work in a borderline food-comatose state, but this place was too good to not channel my inner fatty.
I thought this place would be super good & a new sushi spot to come to but I'm going to pass.
Our server was great, very nice & attentive although we were the only customers for a whole hour.
The ambience was a little "weird" arriving.
No music just silence.
I had shumai, nigiri, tempura,  fried noodles and oyster shooters.
The food wasn't anything special I feel like it lacked taste.
The side of fried noodles was just.... fried noodles, no veggies or meat in there.
After having tempura I had to take benedryl on the ride home because I was having an allergic reaction to the shrimp which is caused by being undercooked.
That was my first and last oyster shooter I'll just say that.
I was really optimistic coming here but left with an allergic reaction.
Sorry bonzai.
Great lunch..perfect wings and a Greek salad.
Service was perfect too.
A hidden gem.
Tv's for everyone
Really nice, casual bistro feel.
Quick and easy spot for a light lunch.
Food could be improved.
The shrimp and avocado appetizer could be improved upon - the shrimp was very fresh but it lacked flavor.
The grilled octopus was delicious - nicely charred and savory with the chickpeas and tomato sauce.
The pizza with mushrooms also could be improved upon - the crusty was undercooked and had none of that nice, smoky flavor it should have.
The mushroom pasta looked really good - lots of mixed mushrooms and very moist.
Another great exterminating service performed by Pam.
In my opinion she is #1 in serving the Fountain Hills area.
Always friendly, professional and reliable!
We 100% endorse this service.
Extremely bad service:
WARNING!!!
Do NOT eat here!
Even though the service and food here were both below average, the worst has nothing to do with their bad food/service, but business ethics (the thing that keeps businesses from cheating their customers).
This restaurant, my dear reader, has violated the key principle of doing business - they are cheaters:
They put a couple of sales promotions on yelp to lure you in and spend money, but when it is time to pay, the servers stare at the yelp page i hold in my hand and have the guts to say: "sorry, we can not honor that..."
Naturally, I asked: "why not?
You put it on your yelp page, so i think you should honor it."
This is the restaurant's response: "sorry, but we haven't done that for a while now."
"Not for anybody?"
"Yeah...not for anybody."
Well, that was the end of it.
End of conversation.
End of trust.
Do you want to help stop this cheating restaurant's dirty practices?
If yes, then please find your food elsewhere, in a better place, with way better ethics.
Thank you.
ok. going to review this place again since I've tried it a few more times since my first time.
what can I say?
the food options around here are scarce and its either here or 4 other less than desirable eateries.
first, do not get anything fried.
that was what I had last time, spicy salmon, dynamite... and it was not good at all.
however after going with rolls like simple tuna/avocado and salmon, it's decent.
for the price point.
it's a good deal and 10 bucks can get you a good meal.
Not impressed.
Only giving 2 stars because the toro was amazing.
The waiters were a bit rude, they recommended California rolls, and they made us feel like we were peons and it was our birthday.
Not cool.
I don't recommend this place.
Had my car window shield replaced while at work.
Safelite was on-time, fast and super efficient.
They call before the appointment, and review all the charges before beginning.
I would use them again in a heartbeat.
Outstanding food for a decent price.
You can get a good bottle of wine for $30 to $40.
Try doing that at Maestro's.
Lots of compliments from other Yelpers on the cornbread, but it's a little too heavy for my taste.
My favorite dishes are:  artichoke heart as an appetizer is unreal.
Best ribs I've ever had and I lived in Texas for 6 years.
Great filet.
Great prime rib dip sandwich.
I feel the need to chime in here because I don't believe N.H. has fairly evaluated their experience here.
I have been going to the Goodyear Donor Center since about 2012.
It started as a Father/son thing and I continued after my son went off to college.
Now, I have had successful donations and I have had unsuccessful donations.
At one point I had to take a 16 week break.
Things happen.
But reality is what it is.
Sometimes it just doesn't work out for one reason or another.
Back in the day if you had a failed attempt in one arm followed immediately by a failed stick in the other, they'd apologize and send you on your way with a bandage on both arms and no donation.
No need to be upset about it.
It happens.
It is simply fortunate that I can donate.
Many can't but I cant see getting upset about it.
For whatever reason it just wasn't time NH.
Whether it was something in the questionaire or who knows.
I have yet, in all the time I have been going there ever felt unwelcomed or unwanted there.
Sorry you prepared so heavily and feel let down.
I can say the staff are all wonderful.
They are like a whole different family and the time spent in the chair is comfortable and safe!
I can honestly say I am defensive of them because I have spent many many hours in the chair.
Ms.Betty at the desk is definitely in her element!
Everyone there is upbeat and no one is ever grouchy!
Vinny is magic with a needle for those of you who worry about that.
Go in some time and check it out.
Get your questions answered and avoid possible hiccups down tbe road.
It is important to everyo e who is dependent on blood and blood products!
Thank you to the friendly staff and always beautiful nails, never a wait for me but I do go earlier in the day.
The nice accommodations to the kids is a plus, hot coffee or the tea is another plus.
Come here and you will leave looking fabulous.
Thank you Melinda for the friendly service.
Food taste Ok.
I like the pasta selection.
However, there is No seafood choices at all.
If you are looking for seafood, skip this place.
Great food.
Get the meatballs.
They are the best I have ever had.
Pasta was perfectly cooked.
Clam sauce was light with excellent flavor.
Canoli was amazing.
Only reason it doesn't get five stars is the ambiance is lacking.
Heard so much about this place I had to come and check it out.
Very speedy service and the oreo chocolate milkshake has become an instant hit!!
Great fresh taste to burgers and smash fries are good!
!
I was reasonably impressed with AB.
We got there just before the lunch rush and scored a prime table near the windows (tho upon leaving, my friend noted how cozy the sofa-bench tables looked, so I'll aim for one of those next time).
Our server, Robert, made even the soup of the day (tomato bisque) sound out of this world.
Even after the restaurant filled up, he was attentive and made sure we enjoyed our meal.
We shared a handful of oysters with a mild jalapeño sauce.
They could have been a bit briny-ier for my taste.
And for entrees, we hit opposite ends of the taste spectrum: I had the pork carnitas, which was mild and sweet, with avocado, cole slaw, and a corn 'pancake,' with only a bit of red onion to balance it out.
My friend had the jambalaya, which looked deliciously comforting, but she reported the chicken was dry and overcooked and the shrimp was underseasoned.
The bite I tasted was too hot (spice-wise, not temp) for me.
The decor was comforting in a British pub style.
I wish the menu had been more unique (burgers, BLT, variety of salads), esp for a place with the wird "arrogant" staring at you.
I do plan on returning for dinner, to see what catches my eye.
Excellent service.
They usually have my peracriptions on hand.which is rare for.a pharmacy to have.
The breakfast menu is complete and the items are good.
Lunch and dinner is over the top.
All items from the sandwiches to the main entres are great.
There is great care in creating these recipes and menu items.
They make a new demiglaze every night.
The Caprese Salad is great to share.
The musels are served a couple diferent ways and both are great.
The Pasta Giovani hits many different cravings.
I usually have them provide the food for my birthday dinners.
No matter how much food they cater, there never seem to be any left overs.
Just as important as the food is the personal service.
From the owners to the chefs to the servers, everyone here treats us like family.
Lastly, if you like Bloody Marry's, they have a very complete Craft your own Bloody Marry Bar.
Tempe Farmer's Market is rad.
Their selection has grown immensely since today and when it had first opened.
It's not a one-stop, get all your groceries for the week kind of place, but it works marvelously as a neighborhood market with a few necessities and a great variety of delicious fruits, vegetables, olives, pasta and frozen meat.
Goddamn am I glad this place opened.
Prior to this, my closest convenient neighborhood market was Rollin's Market with its rotting bell peppers and frozen Banquet dinners.
There's always Fry's or Safeway, but I like hitting up a small little market on the corner of my neighborhood and build a rapport with the employees and owners as part of establishing a community.
The dude who runs the place will sometimes thrown in a tomato or apple or lime in with your bag of groceries.
Hey, free apple.
Not everything they have is permanent.
Sometimes something new will be there, and the next week it will be gone, but in a way, I like that about it.
You go in there, and they have these Indian pickles made from wild cucumbers.
Next week, in its place, will be garlic pickles or something else awesome.
For what the place is, it's marvelous.
It's a little place and about as un-ghetto as it gets.
It's nice having a little market where you can pop in and buy polish sausage from a local farmer, organic soup, goat cheese with kalamata olives but you can also get your regular ass Skippy peanut butter and Campbell's soup.
I've been here several times over the last 3 years and the food is just okay!
Nothing spectacular and highly over priced!
I can get a better meal at  Taco Bell and for way cheaper!
The service is good but other than that go somewhere else Downtown!
Don't waste your money here!
Awesome she let me have a free pair of sunglasses,  Lol
Dr Allen was simply amazing.
First, I doubted how good they would be because the receptionist was not that friendly, nor he seemed to even be kind.
But dr. Allen was quick, friendly, helpful!
I am waiting for my contacts, hopefully they fit me well :) if they do I'll keep coming back to him.
Divine threading is the only place to go to in Las Vegas for your threading needs!
Noor is always does an excellent job and the other ladies as well.
A definite customer for life right here.
Came in today with my family of three growing boys.
Another awesome experience.
Clean lobby bathroom and playground as well.
The food was tasty as always.
They even gave us table service with a smile... Ie refilled our drinks and cleaned off our table.
Eat Mo Chicken!
How have I never reviewed Caramba's?!?!?
I've been eating at this place for at least the past 13 years.
It's a family favorite and you might say it's been a little bit more than a staple of my diet for nearly as long.
My two most favorite meals from Caramba's are the bean and cheese burrito (fresh tortillas and the perfect mix of cheese to beans) and the chicken quesadilla.
Oh, how I miss my chicken quesadillas since I went vegetarian.
Delicious grilled chicken, cheese, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, sour cream, and then add some of their amazing mild salsa, and you'll seriously be in heaven.
My dad is a huge fan of their machaca burrito, and he's pretty picky when it comes to machaca.
So I'd have to trust him and believe that it's pretty darn good.
They also have a decent beer selection (Mexican beer of course), with margaritas available too.
Free bowl of warm chips and freshly made salsa with every meal, lunch or dinner for under $10 and at least two locations (Bell Rd.
and Glendale Rd.
).
As soon as we came inside the room, found our first roach.... and there's nothing they can do about it.
Never staying here again.
SO BE CAREFUL WHEN YOU STAY HERE.
2 words: RIP OFF
I made the mistake of booking an appointment AND paying up front for a package before reading any of the reviews.
The girl who sold me the package asked me what areas i would like lasered and i told her exactly what i wanted to be done (i have done numerous laser treatments in the past) so she told me that this package would be perfect for me.
Later when i go in for my appointment they tell me that i have to pay extra for this body part and that body part!
Not only did they sell me the wrong package but they refuse to refund me my money and want me to pay more that i initially anticipated.
They never sent me a reciept (as the purchase was made over the phone) and the laser technician literally spent 10 minutes with me for full legs and bikini and face!
They are in the business to scam individuals who are new to laser treatment and have no idea what to expect.
All i can say is STAY AWAY
Initial experience left a HORRID TASTE IN MY MOUTH and I never even tried the food!!!!!
Just had an -interesting- conversation with the girl who answers the phone, Amanda.
WOW.
After being asking what I was calling for (catering an event, duh!)
I told her what I needed, I was put on hold, phone was answered again by Amanda who acted like she hadn't just talked to me 6 seconds before and asked the same question again.
Her absolutely lack of professionalism quickly wore down my patience.
I felt like I was dealing with a 15 year old!!
In the middle of asking me what our date was for our wedding, venue, etc., she blurts out "Oh, you know there is a 5k minimum for December.
You know that, right?"
I was baffled by the way she said this, as well as there was no surrounding explanation or context...
When I asked "Why?"
She laughed at me and then said "Well, thats just our policy."
Okay, that's fine.
There are much, MUCH better ways of presenting this to a prospective client.
Also, you probably shouldn't say it to someone when you don't know what their budget is or how much they are willing to pay.
Moreover, the condescending, rude tone in which you say things like that have a lasting effect.
They don't know that they are on the preferred vendor's list at my venue, they don't know specific rules or things that the venue already provides and this girl seems to have no grasp of how to get details from someone without asking the most idiotic questions.
If someone keeps saying "We just require a plated dinner, no other services from you."
You don't need to keep asking things like "what about cake, what about a bartender, what about hors D'oeuvres?"
"NO!
Just a plated dinner."
Total incompetence, lack of professionalism, rude, and absolutely not a business who I would recommend working with after this brief and exhausting exchange.
I wanted to book a simple consultation to try to talk to a coherent adult about food, do a tasting, and then sign a contract --TO GIVE YOU MONEY--!
To the owner of this business: 
(Before I completely wrote you off as my potential caterer) I requested that when I got my call back, I would like to deal directly with the owner, Jennifer.
Amanda rudely asked "Why?!?"
I told her that I would like to deal with someone who knows the venue that I am booked at, (considering you are a preferred vendor there).
I would strongly suggest getting someone else who knows how to deal with customers, has a better "table-side manner", and knowledge of halfway decent customer service.
I have had much more pleasant experiences with call center employees.
After hearing about people rave about this place I decided to try it out for myself he other day.
Went online and saw the menu, saw the "famous Sonoran dogs" and immediately wanted that to try.
Saw that they had an option to order and pay online to avoid the line and pick up quickly.
Heck yeah I'll take it!
Ordering through a phone call or going in would be better.
Put my order and a couple co workers order in online and paid.
25 bucks gone.
Another co worker left to get the food and went to the counter to pick up order.
Luckily he made it just as it started filling up with people.
The employee at the counter didn't have any idea what he was talking about when he said he was there for an online order pickup.
Luckily I printed out my "invoice" as they call it and sent it with him.
Had it not been for him having that paper they wouldn't have taken the order.
I get it, sometimes technology doesn't work right and you get missed.
They realized and said sorry and made the order quickly.
Now for the food.. we were all excited to try this place as it was new for us all.
Every single item we ordered was made incorrectly.
Whether it was missing an item that was checked off on the invoice and paid for or just the wrong ingredient.
There was absolutely no flavor in any of the food.
It was literally bland from the tacos, to the burritos, even the "salsa" was bad.
If you don't have taste buds then this place might be good for you.
I on the other hand don't wanna do it again.
Fries are cooked to perfection....very crispy.
Portions are out of this world.
Don't waste your time on a small or medium, you'll regret not having more.
Hot Dogs & Burgers were very good.
Secure Parking is available around the corner at S Bouquet St & Sennott St for a few bucks.
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday because I've always wanted to try Ethiopian food.
Very small quaint location that you could miss if you weren't looking for it.
The gentleman who took care of us was very kind and explained everything to me.
The food was amazing!
Loved everything er tried!
UH-MAY-ZING!!!
We will never go anywhere else for the best filet and seafood.
The lobster mash is a MUST!
Very cool set up and looking store (2 floors).
Ultimately be even cooler if you could find this stuff at the Salvation Army or Unique before they buy it and RAMP the prices WAY, WAY UP.
Many items we were interested in but usually 10-30 dollars too much.
A better look than buy spot.
Go here every time we are in Vegas, clean and well kept, staff is always ontop of things, only thing missing is they could use a few better restaurants, beds are great
The bread company is perfect for lunch.
The prices are reasonable, the atmosphere is great, and the food is delicious.
I haven't tried it for dinner but I heard good things.
Definitely go!
Pittsburgh has many excellent restaurants, and Sunday brunch at Casbah is well worth adding to your culinary "bucket list".
Everyone in our party of four chose the prix fixe brunch at $28, which included a brunch cocktail, an appetizer and a main course.
Preparation and creativity was wonderful, which meant that standard brunch choices such as a smoked salmon appetizer or a tomato and basil bisque were standouts.
The same can be said of entrees, such as the Casbah Benedict, the braised lamb and eggs, or the other egg dishes tried by our group.
Service was professional and the experience was special.
Notes: 1 visit, late lunch.
Overall: Food had some good points, but I wasn't overwhelmed.
West Covina, CA location is better if you're in the area.
Hainan chicken - chicken was soft, but they left out the best part - the chicken juice.
I love it when they pour that stuff all over the rice.
(I say juice so it sounds healthier than say, 'oily chicken essence.'
Also, if you want really good Hainan chicken rice and you happen to be in Alhambra, CA, go here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/savoy-kitchen-alhambra#hrid:8nuOzJJQDsKa9NK-WhJsbQ/src:search/query:hainan%20chicken)  

Some sort of egg tofu - pretty good, but really heavy.
Don't order it unless you're hungry or you really know how to scarf protein.
Roti canai - Must try for Malaysian cuisine it seems.
Crepe/pancake style bread that you dip in curry.
The curry was good, don't remember what kind it was.
I don't think it was served hot enough, though.
It got cold too quickly.
My mom said the bread wasn't as good as their location West Covina.
Chicken satay - Really light appetizer.
They give you really small, thin strips of chicken.
Don't expect this to be in any way filling (unless you decide to pour the peanut sauce all over your rice, and you just might be because that sauce is so sweet and delicious.
Almost sweet enough to be a dessert.)
Well, I've been to lots of Ardene locations but this one is my least favorite.
Still cheap, but not as cheap as locations further north and I found the store to be small and cramped.
They still have some really neat stuff and the staff was friendly , but it's the first time I've walked out of an Ardene's empty handed.
Sorry, this location just isn't for me.
I really want to give Sullivan's 4 stars but in comparing this experience to a recent visit to Longhorn, I just can't bring myself to do it.
Went here with a group from work for an "appreciation dinner"  Normally, Appreciation dinners end up at Chili's or Ruby Tuesday so I was completely shocked we ended up here.
Everything was great service wise.
Foodwise, it was good but I'd expect that from a place like this.
I ordered one of their Mixup lunches which gives you a salad option, a protein and a side.
I ordered the mixed green salad, the porcini mushroom and pepper encrusted strip and an order of carmelized cauliflower as a side.
The strip was amazing.
It came sliced over a layer of steak sauce.
It was cooked perfectly.
The salad was ok....mixed greens with tomatoes, blue cheese and a dressing that I still do not recognize.
The cauliflower came in a mound.
Honestly, this had to be 1/2 to 2/3 of the head of cauliflower.
It was seasoned with capers and other herbs.
While the taste was good, the quantity was entirely too much and I could only eat half.
The decor of the place is as you would expect with a lot of medium to dark wood but it just didn't do anything for me.
Same with the service.
While they were all friendly, our water just didn't go beyond what he was expect to do.
Sorry, Sullivans but I can get better service at Longhorn and frankly I think their food is better also.
But still this is a solid or 3 1/2 star review.
I been going to AAA for about 3 years now...I have an older Yukon and everyone at AAA including Mike have alway been extremely helpful and professional.
Honest, trustworthy and great mechanics are great a few words which help describe AAA on 40th St and Greenway.
I would highly recommend them to anyone!
Ashley, you were absolutely wonderful.
Thank you for restoring my faith in stylists.
I will be back and I'll schedule with you.
Thanks, Roxi
My favorite new pho!
In town.
My family eats like crazy and I went to them to this place 30 minutes before it closed:/ I hate doing that but that's how my mom rolls.
Anyways everything was so fresh.
Pho 1 and Kim long have more reviews but this was better and a lot more fresh.
Service was great!
They packed all our food and were very kind.
Oxtail soup and peanut sauce soup were my favorite!
It's a plus it's close to my house and the pho is the best!
!
Amazing breakfast place.
I went there every morning during my weeklong trip to Montreal.
Potions are huge.
Most days I hardly needed any lunch.
My absolute favourite was the avocado benedict.
Fruit salad is very good, too.
We like the Manhattan Family Feast.
$41.99 for a REALLY big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad.
I do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters.
Good food.
Good price.
Prompt and courteous service.
This place is awesome!
Dog friendly, great beer, and great service.
This is a must visit if you're in Charlotte
Great food and very personable service.
It's a chipotle-sequel take on Indian food.
My wife and I both had excellent meals.
There was a good amount of people for later on a Friday night and the staff was very friendly and attentive.
Glad to have another good food option in Strongsville.
I really enjoyed this place.
I'd give the decor 4.5 stars and the service and food 5 stars.
Our waiter was super nice and he seemed to really love his job.
My family got 1 lb of shrimp "hot feel" and mild.
The sauce is good!
The shrimp are big too.
We also got 2 free pounds of combination seafood because of a newspaper special they have.
The lamb skewers were bombbb!
The location is kind of tucked into the plaza across Tea Station.
Got the meat lovers for 4 people which was more than enough to feed the 5 of us.
Food was great.
Especially the marinated meats.
Service was on point as well.
My only complaint is that I wish they didn't server such small portions of side dishes at a time for a table of 5, which made it annoying constantly having to ask for more.
We had a great experience leasing a new Equinox at Henderson, Chevrolet.
Joe Gallagher spoke to my husband after we made an internet inquiry.
They came to terms on the phone, and Mr. Gallagher was true to his word.
We went there, secured the lease, and drove away in our new car in just over an hour.
That set a new record in efficiency, at a car dealership, for us.
We appreciated Mr. Gallagher's attention to detail and making the transaction process a pleasant experience.
best New York pizza in Summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!
very friendly staff!
please come to LA!
Loved this place.
Food was delicious, although the menu selection was sorta slim.
The combo meals are good though because you'll always find something you can eat.
Delicious margaritas were on special for Cinco de Mayo, wait staff was very friendly and the free birthday dessert was a treat as well.
Would definitely go back!
We had an incredible time.
The food and atmosphere was so good.
Linda, our waitress, was the best.
Thank you Linda!
Jack was the seller's agent I met while looking at a house, I called him on a Sunday evening to take a look at a house and he answered my call and was very responsive.
After meeting him in person and seeing how knowledgable he was I had him assist me will buying and selling my house.
I feel like I made a great choice to employ him since he was very passioniate about his work, responsive, and knowledgable.
I probably called him 40 or 50 times over the time that we worked together and the longest I had to wait to get a response back was maybe 5 minutes, it was amazing.
The village is one of the worst places to live near the UIUC Campus.
Their staff is very unprofessional and they have no empathy toward any of their tenants.
They provide late notice about everything while expecting you to pay on time.
I have never seen such horrible customer services and treatment toward tenants.
DO NOT LIVE HERE.
Don't get sucked in by the low promotional fees.
They don't last and at the end of the day the head ache isn't worth it.
Honestly a little too sweet for my liking but I should have expected that getting the triple threat beaver tail, since it was covered in Nutella, If I go back I think I may opt for a different flavor, but regardless it was good, service was quick, good location ....if you love sweet you will love this place
BEWARE: There is a guy who works here, tall, glasses and painfully forgetful.
I've gone here a total of three times in the past month for a quick fix with my siblings and he's gotten our order wrong each of those times.
He must be new, but he does seem genuinely sorry after he adds or subtracts something from our order.
Regardless, he's not why I give this McDonalds 1 star.
This place is usually jam packed with teens by 1pm during the school year and during the summer, just can't catch a break.
Location is usually messy and has THE LOUDEST DOOR EVER!
Service is mediocre to the max, then again, this is McDonalds, no 5 star review here.
I've been to the Fashion Show and Town Square locations, but I'll just review my most recent experience at this location, which I like just as much as the others.
I set an appointment online with no problem.
Arrived about 15-20 minutes early, but I was greeted right away and asked to check in with another representative.
Cool beans.
Noticed they were slightly behind, but I'm not in a rush, plus going in I had expectations of them being busy.
It's Apple.
Gah...
I wish I could remember my tech's name 'cause she was just as nice and courteous - just remember it starting with a D. She let me fully explain my iPhone problem, then she walked me through diagnosing with their speakers.
She literally could tell that the difference I had with it compared to hers.
Before trying to replace my phone, she wanted to know if I had any questions for her and I brought up how I bought the device from my cell provider.
Not wanting to cause any problems with them, she wrote me a notice to bring to them just in case they wanted proof that the device needed to be replaced.
All courteous and thoughtful.
Other than my experience, I can commend them on trying to accommodate/help a mom and her 2 kids.
The little brother overheard the patron say she had the wrong appointment time, but she had been waiting for awhile and had other appointments elsewhere.
Before they could get to me, they helped her out first.
Her tech was nice, trying to be personable with her and the kids while diagnosing the problem.
Took him about 10-15 minutes to help her out, hopeful that she'd make it to their other engagements on time, and thankful for her patience.
This town needs an enema!!
Well, here it is ya jerk!!
Artistic Armory combines everything you like about an underground music club with elements of an actual, organic independent art scene.
It is the opposite of First Friday, a refreshing alternative to seeing bands in filthy bars, and the antithesis of hanging out at the mall.
I used the bathroom... once...
The bar tenders are great!!
There's a tall dude with strong hands and a pretty girl who likes to talk about different ways to cook chicken (women love chicken).
Check out their Facebook page for a listing of upcoming events.
The website is maintained by some dude named Gus (I guess he is an employee and/or web designer), and contains about as much useful information as one of those hooker trading cards you get on the strip.
The Artistic Armory a roof, which is great and really compliments the floor, which I once cleaned up baby carrots off of.
My only complaint is that some drunk with tattoos and a beard kept banging into me and spilling my drink.
I attempted to complain to management, but a tattooed guy with a beard said that my vague description was not going to help him narrow down the assailant.
Overall, your experience will be based on what you make of your time at The Artistic Armory.
Just don't talk to anyone in a black t-shit with a band name printed on it and you should be fine.
Mention this Yelp!
post for free admission to the next show!
!
I stayed at the Radisson across the street during superbowl weekend.
This bar provided entertainment while it was raining.
They have Golden tee 2015 at an expensive price of $4 p/p for 18 holes.
The food looked good and many people came to play pool often at the 30+ tables.
The dart boards (7+) looked digital and something i wouldnt enjoy as i prefer traditional darts.
The beer was priced well and there are specials each day.
Although i thought the bartender could be "quicker".. the beer came out ice cold.
There was a fight at night which emptied the place and brought the phx police but it was something two idiots started.
Breakfast was so so.
One thing I noticed was while there for over 2 1/2 hours (catching up on old times while with family) was that the men's room needed some attention.
Trash cans were overfilled with paper towels on the floor.
The staff was ok.
One of my favorite places in Phoenix.
I like how their menu changes slightly over time, so there's something new to try.
Everything I've tried is good so far, and I've almost tried everything on the menu.
I don't like the pig face dumpling as much, actually prefer the other dumplings.
I love the stream buns, especially the chicken waffle and the pork belly steam buns.
Their ramen and seafood hot pot is excellent, but wasn't impressed by their duck dishes.
This review is not for the food or dining, it's only for the reservation & host/management experience.
In short, making a reservation means nothing!
I reserved a table for 4 on Saturday night at 7:15pm to welcome my colleagues to a nice meal while staying at the M Resort & Casino.
It was crowded when we arrived, and the host snapped at us saying it would be another 30 minutes for our reservation.
I asked if we could go to the bar while we wait, and she said there was no room there either.
So we went to a Casino bar & came back 30 minutes later, and the manager told us it'd be at least another 30 minutes.
They weren't at all polite, they acted like we were being a pain for coming back.
SERIOUSLY?!
So I asked them to take my number down & call me when the table was ready, and she begrudgingly did.
Well, they NEVER called me to say our table was ready.... good thing we snagged one at the Burger & Brews place next door.
Clearly, Anthony's doesn't know how to manage their reservations.... obviously an OpenTable reservation doesn't guarantee you a table.
We were super let down because the menu looks great, but I can't comment on that.
We came here at a recommendation of a friend, upon walking in, it is quit the full house for dinner on a Saturday night, so we were seated at the bar.
There is not a formal coat check (it's self-hang), and you can put your coat in the front.
FOOD: We got the takoyaki, karaage, chicken skin, unagi rice soup, and green tea cream cheese cake.
Imadake definitely has fast service once the ball gets rolling as they have to meet the demand of so many people getting sake bombs and what not.
I settled with a Tokyotini, which was very strong.
Thanks for not holding back!
The food overall was on par.
Hot and straight from the kitchen.
I think my favorite was the chicken skin and karaage.
Well seasoned and warm, so nothing to complain about.
The cake was more cream cheese than green tea though.
SERVICE: A bit slow at first, but it did pick up.
There were several birthdays going on at Imadake, so that would slow down service a bit.
Overall courteous and efficient!
Recommendation: Make a reservation, if you do not want to sit at the bar!
Went here for a concert in their basement venue.
Very cool space.
Intimate, cozy, nice ambiance.
They seem to have a real handle on crowd management.
The event was sold out, but still comfortable - they clearly take care to not oversell the space.
You get the vibe of being in a friend's basement, except there's wine and better decor.
The wine itself - I'm not a connoisseur by any stretch.
I thought it was good, but not exceptional.
Cheapest bottle is a $21 white blend.
They had a total of 4-5 varieties that night, with varying prices.
Overall, it's a cool place to see a show.
Might  go back for a tasting sometime to get a better handle on their wines, but they did seem slightly overpriced to me.
THE UP-SIDE: Mojo's is wonderful, a call back to the days when coffee shops served great coffee and food, and didn't make you feel like a number.
This place feels like home.
You can hang out and work at the many tables.
Never that difficult to find a spot, although they are always busy - and for good reason.
The coffee drinks are perfectly created and there is a great selection of breakfast and lunch choices, along with fresh bakery.
The service is warm and pleasant from all of the staff.
They always greet you with a smile and make you feel good about coming back.
Kayla has been especially helpful for any little issues I had like getting a new extension cord with multiple outlets for folks in one small area.
Much appreciated!
THE DOWN-SIDE: No down side.
THE SUM-IT-UP: I love it here.
You will too.
You can find everything in this mall but it's always so packed with people it tires me out.
They need more and bigger/cleaner washrooms here.
Great service terrific quality.
I was able to set up my appointments for the days that I wanted.
Cheapest rates I found in town.
16 windows of various sizes plus a sliding glass door for well under $1000.
I would recommend CC Sunscreens to anyone.
Great restaurant for a date night or to get a different ambiance than the usual PSH here in Ayrsley.
Service here has always been fantastic.
They always recommend great apps to start and they always have daily drink specials!
This is actually a bit more upscale than you think.
I would put this more on the higher end of the double dollar sign.
$$.
I think it's worth it if you are craving a good steak.
I haven't been able to pull away from any other appetizer other than the hummus & pimento cheese dip dip.
The hummus is really good!
Another great go-to if you are here to drink and munch are the flatbreads.
They are actually more like little pizzas, not flat at all and very good!
Very filling because they are doughy.
Finally, when I am craving a great burger, this is my go-to.
Trust me on this one.
Ils ont toujours des prix imbattables sur les fruits et légumes, et souvent lorsque j'ai besoin de fromage cottage ou de yogourt grec je peux en retrouver à rabais dans leur frigo.
Oui, la date d'expiration est pour la semaine suivante, mais au rythme ou je les inhale ils ne survivent jamais jusque là.
En plus, ils ont commencé à vendre des fruits et légumes bios, tout pour faire mon bonheur!
The atmosphere is great here every time!
The servers always have a smile and start great conversation.
This time I ordered to go.
I always get the crispy spicy eggplant.
This is the first time for a vegan Sushi!
Presentation is beautiful!
Easily one of the best vegan restaurants in town!
I have been very on the edge about trying this place after reading it's health reviews, but I threw caution to the wind and I'm glad I did.
It is Oakland Restaurant Week and they offered yellow chicken curry for $6.
I must say that this was some of the best curry I have had.
It has peas, carrots, sweet potatoes, and chicken.
I do not like my curry spicy and it was perfect.
Amazingly sweet and creamy with the right amount of spice.
I will definitely be eating here again.
Completely addicted.
I love the make your own bowl.
I'm the kind of person that knows exactly what I want and that's what I get.
Food is always fresh and plentiful.
I've never felt underwhelmed by the toppings.
Always delicious!
Try to avoid the noon rush though.
It gets a little backed up.
Now let me start with the good.... 

1.
Great location
2.
Very clean
3.
Most comfortable bed in Vegas
4.
Fashion show mall is literally right across the street
5.
Large rooms

The bad....
1.
Noisy.
Train comes by 3 times a night and it is loud and they honk as they are going by.
2.
Pool is just ok
3.
Rickety pull out sofa creaked all night
4.
Not 5 star property like Priceline said

I would stay here again if a deal popped up and my trip didn't revolve around the pool.
I love a clean non smoking hotel and this definitely beats my go to JW marriott in summerlin
In the past I would have rated this restaurant 5 stars.
We used to order from this place weekly.
Lately, however, I have been disappointed in this place.
The food is always five stars, that's in the event you are actually able to eat there.
My wife and I enjoy eating at this place but realize that it is small, and often busy.
Another option is take-out which we often opt for, because we live close, and can still enjoy the food at home.
That hasn't been an option the last two attempts that I have made to order take-out because the line was busy.
The first time it happened, I had to go to the restaurant, order the food, and wait 45 minutes to get the food.
I tried again on Friday to order food, and again the line was busy.
After many call attempts, my wife and I decided to see if we could get a table.
When I got there I was told that there was a 35 minute wait for a table.
I went into the bar to see if there were any tables available.
There was one available, however a woman who was waiting for a table in the main dining room was occupying it.
We decided to eat elsewhere.
If there aren't ever any tables available, and I can't get through to order take-out, I can't see any reason to attempt to order from here again.
Nice decore in this large restaurant - the theme is beer.
Appropriately, there is good beer selection on tap, as well as wine, and excellent food.
Superb service.
Recommended!
My friend and I were there this afternoon at 6 PM May 25, 2017 we ordered cranberry pecan chicken salad sandwiches barbecue chips and water
My sandwich was not fresh the bread was stale it had chopped apples no Pecans.
They had no barbecue chips even though they were displaying them they only had one salt and vinegar chips and they had no bottled water of any kind.
The beverage cabinet at the front by the register was completely empty
The only good thing about this meal is I ordered a peanut butter smoothie and that one was fine.
My friend ordered the same sandwich that I did instead she was delivered and Apple turkey sandwich that was very dry.
No chips we had to go after the chips and they had no water and no napkins with our meal or on the table.
The only beverage they were offering was soda, and smoothies.
I definitely will never return to this topic and a smoothie's café
Great service!!
Friendly staff!
The Vegan selection of sandwiches is great!
I got the Meatless Mike, Vegan style, with Creole Onion Kettle Chips.
It was so delicious!!
I just wish they had a larger selection of healthy natural beverages but I settled for the country time lemonade.
Next time I will just bring my own drink but I would definitely visit again!
Great place!
Better than chipotle.
Yup, you heard me!
The meats are amazing.. Fresh made tortillas.. Great drink selection.. Just YES
Yesterday was my first time at Sakana and I thought it was a great place.
It's not on the strip, it's about 20 minutes off the strip.
The service was well, the waitress would come around often.
The food was delicious.
A must have is the summer crunch.
The best part is the all you can eat deal.
You pay $25 and get as many rolls as you want.
I will never get waxed by someone else!
I absolutely love Courtney!
The studio is very clean and comfortable and she always makes the experience great!
She treats you like a friend, not just a client.
I live in Flagstaff so I try to make an appointment every 4 weeks but even when I can't and I don't see her for a while, she still remembers so much about me and my life!
Also, she charges far less than most places (half the amount that Flagstaff places charge).
PLUS she gives a little discount for college students which helps out a ton!
I usually get a brazilian which she charges $50 for, but as a college student she only charges $40!
That $10 really makes a difference for a broke college student.
My wax always comes out flawless and I stay silky smooth for 2 weeks at least.
She uses hard wax but if I have stubborn hairs, she doesn't hesitate to go in with soft wax and even tweezers to make sure I get the best result!
I love Courtney and I will never go to anyone else again!
Love this place at all times of the day.
They have great food with speedy service.
At night turns into night club.
Best in town.
They always have great DJs from all over the world.
Good job barley house
After writing my previous review, I was contacted by a Midas rep who offered to submit my complaint to head office.
I appreciated someone listening and trying to help, so I agreed.
I later received a call from the manager at the Midas Ringwell location around June 6 or 7.
He didn't know why he was calling and it seems that he was just told to call me without any details.
I explained the situation, and he told me that parts rust and that's how cars work.
I asked if it's normal for parts to rust and seize after 5 months of use, and he didn't have anything to say.
He then said that I could have brought the car back to them so they could "fix" it (actually do the work this time), but I told him the work had already been done by my regular mechanic.
He said it was too bad, because they have no way to compensate me.
I explained that this was fine and I'll just continue to tell everyone I meet what thieves they are.
He offered to have the regional manager call me, but it would take a couple of days because they are busy.
I said this was fine, but it's been a week and a half and I still haven't heard from them.
It's interesting to note that he never denied anything I was complaining about.
Yay, gentrification.
For all the new hip locations that are growing in Toronto, you need several things to make it liveable.
Look at the up-and-coming Liberty Village for example.
Grocery store: check.
Starbucks:  check.
Movie rental place:  check.
Wait a second, where do you buy booze?
Thankfully, the LCBO moved in and have you covered.
Very new and pristine, this LCBO has a decent run of wines for its size, and an adequate selection of beers as well, but certainly not exhaustive.
They have the basics and a little bit beyond.
I'll be surprised if you're ever surprised about finding a bottle here, when the larger Queens Quay LCBO (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/lcbo-toronto-14) affords much, much more.
This will be a place to go when you realize company is coming over, dinner's in the stove, and you're all out of Merlot.
This LCBO is to be used in cases of emergency or convenience, but really not much else.
No special trip is necessary.
chicken and sauce was bomb.com

texas toast was scrumptous tooo

but the lady in the drive was not a happy camper!
one day she was rude next day she was nice.
maybe she bipolar

anyway ill still go here regardless of the crappy service
Great margaritas, gauc, queso, and tacos.
We went to lots of fancy restaurants on our trip to Phoenix, but this place was better than all of them.
Mr. Hassan will make you look like a movie star!....He is the best portrait photographer that I have ever seen.
He is definately a Master of his craft.
His prices are super resonable, also....His guarantee is: "If you don't like the finished product, you don't have to pay"...It does'nt get any better than that!!
!
Dropped by for a late lunch.
They have lunch specials until 3 PM.
They've got a menu that's chinese-only, and I'm not sure whether that's the menu with the better stuff or not.
It's definitely different from the english menu though.
Service is alright.
Portions are pretty big.
A group of girls sitting at another table across from us had ordered one dish each, but when the dishes arrived you could tell they were visibly shocked by the sheer quantity of stuff on the dishes.
Lunch combo was pretty sizable as well, and they come with a drink on the side.
Flavor was alright.
At the very least, you won't be leaving hungry.
I've seen SO MANY negative reviews of this location it's insane.
So I was prepared for the worst.
But I'm currently sitting in the waiting area (which is really spread out and not cramped at all) and the environment is so nice!!
The girls in reception have been smiling and laughing with all the people that have walked in.
I tried to go to several locations yesterday and each one was miserable.
At this one the wait is very long but they seem to be filing through people as quickly as possible.
So give them a try if you are in the area!
My introduction as a youth (dating back AWAYS) to gourmet and class.
15 years later, still delivers the goods.
Cheers!
My husband and I were pleasantly surprised when we had dinner here.
We were expecting good food but after eating our meals this was my favorite meal in Vegas!
The prime rib was cooked perfectly!
The salmon was delicious!
The service was absolutely great as well!
We made reservations for the same day which was very accommodating.
Our table was ready even when we got there 30 minutes early.
Absolutely FANTASTIC!!!!
The service was a+++!!!
The girl at the counter was so nice and so informative.
We got the feta app with cucumbers (OUTSTANDING), I got the Greek salad (small) wth gyro meat, my husband got he rice bowl with double chicken and said it was incredible.
We happened to be in the Henderson area, and pulled up yelp for a lunch spot, SO GLAD we did!
So yummy, super clean, and excellent service.
What more could you ask for?!
And we found out they just opened a location right near our house on Blue Diamond!!
So naturally we went there the next day, LOL!
Fast delivery and delicious food.
The food was hot and freshly made.
By far the best Chinese food I've had in the area!
My family has been seeing Dr. Brown and the girls at Comfort Care since the mid 90's when we moved to Vegas.
My father had extreme perio problems and Dr. Brown did all of his work.
There isn't a single piece of work in my mouth that hasn't been done there as a result.
As an adult, everyone knows me and they are always friendly, really flexible and understanding with billing, and above all else, thorough.
Every time my mom has an issue with a crown or abcess she simply calls and they have a prescription ready at her pharmacy so she can start treatment before they get her into the office.
I make my boyfriend go there now, too!
I recommend Dr. Brown and Marlaney (she replaced Kathleen for hygiene) if they take your dental plan or if you really need experienced and top notch care.
I really wanted to check the place out based on the pics.
I asked about specialty drinks because of what I saw here and all I was given was a Michelada option.
Food was slow to arrive and it wasn't busy.
The place has a nice feel and def potential.
Seems like the bar area has it's local feel which was cool.
For $35 per person you can come and recharge or have some drinks while waiting for your flight out of Las Vegas.
They do not have an American Airlines Admirals Club in Las Vegas so we needed to find an alternate location to relax and have a few refreshments.
We walked in and were greeted with friendly smiles.
Gave them our boarding passes and $70.
No hot food or snacks are offered here except for Cup of Noodles (beef or chicken).
Plenty of quickie snacks: multiple flavored popcorn, fruits, pretzels, potato chips, cookies and trail mix.
But the unlimited drinks were really why we were here.
The bartender kept the Hennessy and Coke coming.
They had wine too but nothing that caught our attention.
This place was a Godsend when after walking down the ramp to board we were told we were too early and that our flight was delayed.
We headed back to The Club to continue keeping our drinks on.
Overrated.
Maybe I just don't get it.
I do enjoy divey bars, such as the places on ossington, leslieville and junction.
I do not think this is the best patio- not even close.
The bar is small and divey.
Basic stuff here only behind the bar.
it's small so be prepared to be bumped into once in a while if you\re sitting in the front room.
oh are you ordering Whiskey ginger?
sorry No jamiesons.
bartender told me "They don't take credit card or debit.
And the ATM machine may or may not work at times."
Thanks bartender.
You are so cool and helpful.
ps: Washrooms are gross.
I was surprised with how they redid the OG rooms.
Granite and marble countertops throughout, even in the shower, highly recommend the upgrade if you can.
We had a view of the wheel.
Right outside of the hotel is a strip that has awesome food and bars, a daiquiri place literally right outside.
There is also a few liquor stores that surround the hotel if y'all want to save money and make your own drinks.
I don't think we paid more than 30 for Uber there from the airport.
And even though the lines look long at the counter desk to check in, they move fast.
If you go to the pool, opened from 9-5 by the way, seats are very limited and the drinks start at 17 and 42 for a pitcher; it is cheaper to get the pitcher and splitting it with people.
Really enjoyed my stay here at La Quinta Inn.
Checking in was fast and the customer service from the staff was great!
Not only was she attentive but she also provided my guest and I with water.
The pool was nice and clean and overall the room was well upkept.
The breakfast that was provided was also delicious.
I had no issues what so over here at my stay.
Definitely will be returning!!!
:)
Apparently this is the first review for this company.
I can't fathom why others have not reveiwed this company.
My 23 year old garage door finally gave up the ghost the other nite.
I got quotes from some competitors ranging from 750.00 to 1,100.00 dollars.
Both companies came immediately said I needed a new door.
I expressed to them by budget was limited and a new door wasn't in that budget.
A friend said contact AAA Action Doors.
Contacted Josh (part owner)...Told him my budget was limited.
He came out took one look at the door,..Said we got this it can be repaired w/o question..All that was needed was new metal bracing along the top and middle.
He installed the metal bracing in less than 45 min....I had an operating door again..and saved a bunch of money.
Our server was very nice and attentive.
Margaritas were delicious.
But unfortunately the food, no bueno.
Chef Joel Robuchon's restaurant is my siren song...love, love, love it!
A gorgeous little jewel box, stars removed from the casino.
The decor, bar, cuisine, wine list, staff and service, all so perfect, I could rhapsodize about the myriad joys I've experienced here forever.
The many, many times I've enjoyed the 16 course tasting menu, so truly scrumptious and amazing offerings, executed so perfectly and plated so exquisitely it's almost a crime to eat them!
Executive Chef Claude Le Tohic is a true gem and helms the venue like the marvel it truly is!
My favorite restaurant in the country!
The food isn't bad.
I'm obsessed with sweet potato fries, so I try every place her in Charlotte.
These are great!
I love the BLT, the bacon isn't too fatty & cooked perfectly.
But the blonde bartender is a major bitch!
I hate placing my to go order when I see her.
She gives no eye contact, talks to you while doing other things or walking away & just sits your money down without even seeing if there's anything else we need.
Happens every time, like it's rehearsed lmao.
Food is still amazing tho =)
I like to think that fast food and barbeque are two separate things that should never be mixed; the idea of getting a decent barbeque sandwich through a drive through window seems like an impossibility to me.
However, when the bartender at the awesome strip mall wine bar told me about this place you could get buggalo of food for less than a five spot, I was sold.
Cook Out is an anomaly among fast food places in that its menu has everything you could ever want, or at least everything I could ever want (sans corn nuggets).
Cook Out offers the boring old hamburger thing but don't let that distract you- opt for the BBQ.
For less than $5, you get your own picnic.
My plate had a hockey puck sized portion of pulled pork, a couple fingers of hush puppies, fries, and slaw.
The chronic pulled pork was super moist considering it was 1 AM, and came topped with Texas Pete's.
Although it was delicious, isn't Carolina BBQ supposed to be heavy on the sauce?
The hush puppies were okay (more breading than bread), and the fries forgettable.
When it comes to cole slaw, I am a snob but Cook Out's slaw was surprisingly good; it was house made and very dry, but I mean that in a good way.
It's also worth mentioning that you can get a corn dog as a side.
I don't know why, but as a Southern gentleman, I agree with and salute that.
How Cook Out really let me get my jollies was the drink menu.
Cheerwine- my god, if I ever make a lot of money I'm putting a fountain of that crack drank in my house.
If you're from out of town, drink up because that stuff can only be found in North Carolina.
They also have about 40 different kinds of milkshakes available, including seasonal ones.
The winter shake is eggnog but apparently they only have that one in December.
The fact that they have a watermelon shake in the summer blows my mind.
Be warned though, the shakes are thick like a Petey Pablo video girl- you'll need a spoon, or at least a boba tea straw.
As I said, the idea of a fast food BBQ joint just doesn't do it for me, but Cook Out pulls together the concept beautifully.
It's like if Jesus and Allah got along and then made a baby.
A beautiful mixed baby named Cook Out.
Located in Wilmerding, PA, Bucky's Automotive is the former Palumbo's Automotive.
We've been coming here for years and never feel 'jabbed'.
Jose, the owner, has also worked here for years and he is fair, honest and accommodating in his scheduling.
If something comes up that is not his shop's specialty, Jose will recommend another local shop.
Did you ever walk away from the car dealer's service department feeling like a 3-month financial recovery is needed?
Ya, me too...  Never happens here.
Great communication regarding work that is needed, cost involved and time required.
Through the high school years, our family had (5) cars requiring attention and service and we cannot imagine anywhere that could take the challenge and keep everyone on wheels.
What can I say?
We {heart} Bucky's Automotive!
Tried and true It's a great east suburban car care option and well run business.
Take two on my review, as apparently the first disappeared.
We stopped in on a Wednesday afternoon.
No one was there.
They had an all day happy hour, and great lunch specials.
Mexican bento is the greatest idea I have seen in awhile.
The food was fresh and fast.
Open air concept does attract the flies, with all the sweet liquor bottles and fragrant foods.
We enjoyed a nice lunch, few drinks and moved on to the local shops nearby.
Great location.
I can see why Salty Senorita is so popular.
This could definitely be a place I would like to hang out if we lived in AZ again.
Waitress brought my husband a birthday dessert with a candle.
I purchased a Samsung fridge from Lowe's in 2014.
A few months ago, I began having an issue with the ice maker.
The ice smelled bad and tasted worse.
The water still tastes amazing and is odorless.
I replaced the filter and thoroughly cleaned the fridge, emptied and cleaned the ice bin several times to no avail.
Chemical type smell, similar to freezer burn, but different.
Emptied the entire fridge (as that is where the ice maker is located), nothing helped.
Looking at Google, I discovered this is a common problem.
I contacted Lowe's as I have a 5 year warranty, and they sent Buy-Rite.
Tech showed up and used his laser thermometer in the fridge, drink drawer, and freezer.
I explained that the issue was the way the ice was tasting/smelling, and not with the temperature.
And also that it was a common problem reported online in reviews, etc.
The tech told me there was no solution, but that he noticed dog hair under my fridge.
I took 5 hours off work to wait for the tech to come for 5 minutes and tell me there was no solution.
Very dissatisfied.
Tried La Mai Thai tonight and it was delicious!
Was craving peanut sauce so we ordered the Chicken Satay app with peanut sauce, shrimp pad Thai and I got a side of Tom Kha Kai soup.
Soooooo good!
Everything was fresh and vibrant.
Even with the shrimp surcharge our meal was less than $30.
Score!
I met up with some friends here for some habachi and drinks.
Let me start by saying that one usually doesn't associate Rock Hill will good Japanese food so I was initially skeptical but I'd figure I'd trust my friends and give it a try.
Well I was happily surprised.
First of all the restaurant was very clean (which is VERY important for me) and we were greated warmly.
So we decided to have some drinks at the bar while we waited for the rest of our party to arrive.
I ordered a martini to start which was strong yet smooth followed by a shrimp tempura roll.
The roll very pretty big and the shrimps tasted fresh.
I especially like that it wasn't like most sushi rolls around here that are 90% rice and litte else.
Once we were seated I ordered the steak and scallop hibachi.
This was my favorite by far!
The steak was perfectly cooked and the scallops were especially tasty.
The best part was the portions were really good for the price and quality of the food.
I had more than enough for lunch the next day!
It's definitely worth the drive and I'll totally keep going back.
I've always loved Parlour, as noted from my previous review.
Luckily, my stylist, Sam now works here.
He's my guy for my cut and colour.
Whatever I'm after, he'll get it done.
Whether it's trying a different shade of red to chopping off all my length or even just a quick blow dry.
The salon is always hustling and bustling with coifs of sleek styles to more drastic changes.
They can really do it all.
Although the prices are up there, they do have junior stylists, regular stylists, senior stylists and educator stylist tiers to suit all price ranges and expertise.
Definitely one of the best salons in the city.
Hands down!
I came right after the New Year for my birthday thinking that everyone was gone already... nope, the party's still going!
I walked here during the day and thought it was okay.
During the night?
That's when our fun start!!
The lights were just amazing and really had us pumped up!
With shows, shops, casinos, and buffets all given to us on one long street, we had plenty of things to keep us busy.
However, it does get pricy so I would definitely come when you have the cash to burn.
Otherwise, you can just watch people gamble, attend free shows, and window shop.
Holy smokes!
I can see driving to Gilbert, AZ from Ventura County just to re-experience this delightful dining experience.
Flavor, flavor, flavor!
On our way back from our New Orleans road trip we detoured and took a chance on Joe's and it was well worth it.
We are bringing the kids next time so watch out!
By the way the G.I Joe's showcased were a nice touch.
Had breakfast here, ate outside, beautiful and great food.
The cafe au lait was really good, I had the eggs Benedict with salmon and my wife had pian perdue (French toast) both were EXCELLENT, very well prepared and great plate appeal
very loud, wish I could give half stars, solid 3.5 but not a 4.  sausage was good beer was okay...just very pretentious and unnecessarily loud...put up some sound absorbtion.
Went to El Hefe with some friends and really loved the atmosphere and the food!
We sat at a booth w the old school taps (still cold/can't use) and had great service!
I ordered the Queso Fundido and Chicken nachos for the table and everything was delicious!
Had great drinks, great food, great service.
When in Scottsdale hit this place up!
Was awesome at 4pm and apparently gets crazy fun later in the evening!
Used to be really good with previous owner.
Since new management took over service has declined.
Employees seem uninterested and "shortcut" services, especially because owner is not always present.
Too bad because new owner seems really nice but perhaps unaware of decline in customer service.
This is not the place to go if you want to have a good conversation - it was so noisy it was difficult to hear (the same can be said for all the restaurants in this group so it wasn't a surprise to us, but be forewarned).
The tacos are varied and really delicious.
My big gripe is the cocktails.
I'm a huge tequila fan so I was excited to try some interesting twists.
My first cocktail was supposed to be "spicy" and it barely had any heat.
If you're adding jalapeno to a drink don't be timid.
My second drink was, according to the server, not going to be too sweet but it was so syrupy I couldn't finish it.
A big disappointment, and while we might go back for tacos we definitely won't linger over cocktails.
Great draft choices, friendly staff and affordable prices.
Good place to grab a beer with a friend or sit back and watch a game.
This place rocks.
BBQ was great, spicy squid was tasty, Cham chai noodles awesome, very friendly service
An eclectic decor throughout.
Tables, chairs, and sofas are scattered to make this locale very laid back.
The fresh pastries are exquisite and the breakfast sandwiches are amazing.
This is a must stop on a visit to Charlotte.
This is the other Raising Cane's I've visited (the other in Grove City, OH) and the complaints are much the same... it's a little pricey, the sides lack flavor (especially the fries), and the staff just don't seem to give a sh*t about being there and have no care that you can tell.
But if you've got a craving for mechanically separated chicken breaded up all tasty-like, you'll probably manage to enjoy this place!
Love, love, love, love this place!
The first time I went here was with a friend visiting from out of town.
Our server, Frank, was so fantastic we ended up staying for nearly there hours eating, drinking and goofing off.
The other staff are fun as well but, if you can, ask for Frank!
The atmosphere was busy but not frantic.
The decor was fun and playful, making you feel very comfortable.
The guacamole was outstanding (we ate the entire thing) along with their tortilla soup and salsa verde.
The shrimp enchiladas were enjoyed on my second visit, those too were phenomenal.
Their food has a balance of spice and flavor without being overly salty.
Their tequila selection is killer.
If you enjoy good tequila this is your spot, they have just about everything you want and a few you may not have heard of yet.
You have to be sure to get a picture on the swing next to the bar.
It's a fun photo op and a great way to remember the place.
La Comida makes a great first date spot, especially if you want to see how your date holds their alcohol.
It's also fun with a group of people, their bench seating easily accommodates large parties.
If you like Mexican food, a relaxed environment, and great tequila - I dare you to try this place.
You won't be sorry!
Artie with the business team is awesome.
Very prompt with responses and helpful with my team getting us the right products.
I understand that is billed as a "boutique hotel" so I expected some level of quaintness.
What I wasn't prepared for was run down and dirty.
First of all, it's very easy to miss this place, we drove by it twice as it's wedged in between two other businesses and there is not a single hotel person (i.e.
valet) waiting outside.
We ended up having to call the front desk and ask where we were supposed to park the car to unload our bags.
She seemed confused by this request and after a few minutes she told us just to leave the car in the service entrance behind the hotel.
Weird!
What hotel doesn't have some sort of established valet system for their guests arriving in cars.
Check in was fine and the staff was nice but I knew as I walked in this wasn't going to work out.
The lobby was super small.
It was cramped with four people waiting at the front desk.
We were told we had been upgraded to a junior suite, so I was hopeful the room at least would be nice.
The elevator was dark and dingy and barely fit two people with luggage.
As soon as we got to the room, the few hopes I had left were dashed.
The room size was nice but it was just....dingy.
The bed was lumpy, everything from the curtains to the dust ruffle were wrinkled and stained.
The linoleum was cracked, the burner carpet looked like it had been there for roughly a hundred years.
Needless to stay, we checked out immediately and headed to the W Hotel.
I would highly recommend staying somewhere else unless this is your only option.
Dave Bonanno and the VW North Scottsdale staff was fantastic to work with.
Everyone was fast and courteous.
All prices were fair with full disclosure given.
The experience was more Lexus/BMW/Mercedes than anything else.
I will be a repeat customer again!
They took the time and didn't rush to get a quick sale (and I was in on a Saturday).
Thank you VW North Scottsdale!
I love my GTI!!
!
Yes, hot tip you have to ask for the full menu.
Second hot tip, learn to say "hello" in Mandarin (pronounced nee-how) and likely you won't HAVE to ask for the full menu.
We've dined here several times, and on Sunday, not surprisingly, we were the only non-Asian customers in the place.
The chef was in rare form, and as I sit here having my third round of leftovers for lunch I'm still loving my dish.
I opted for the Vinegar Fish, it's pretty simple -- whitefish, wood ear mushrooms and water chestnuts prepared with a dose of spice and rice wine vinegar.
I'm guessing by the waitress' excitement when I ordered, that it's a dish they're pretty proud of.
It was fabulous.
Hubby ordered the Beef and Onions, which I would classify as good, but not mind-blowing.
We also partook of the Gai-choy which was cooked perfectly -- just the right amount of garlic and tenderness.
In the past I've really loved their Mapo Doufu (tofu), theirs is one of the best I've had anywhere.
Next time I'm planning on having the Water-Boiled Eel.
I heart eel, mmm.
Service is pretty barebones, so don't expect to be sucked-up to.
It's perfunctory and efficient, the food comes up fast and they leave you alone.
I can't complain about that one bit.
Fantastic experience.
Dive instructors and crew helpful and on their game.
Video and photos were top notch and I definitely recommend this dive company!!
!
The staff during the night-shift are Amazing!
They're fast and efficient.
Free Smiles and Friendly.
Watermelon Mojito and Kiwi Quencher are Refreshing!
I Love the Mango Magic minus the pineapple.
Bring back the Mango Moxxi!
The Power Plant showcases contemporary art from Canada and around the globe.
Sometimes a really great show will be presented, like Beat Nation this past year, but it's hit and miss as other shows are too narrow and lack lustre.
I was pleased that they offered free admission this past year, as it gives a place to go and enjoy art with family and friends on a regular basis.
The staff (mostly volunteers) are friendly and informative (I hope they are duly rewarded).
This place looks so nice place to chill with friends!
People working here were pretty nice too, the server explained me the stuff about the drinks.
I ordered the Matcha Milk Tea and dang, that was so good.
The boba is really fresh and very chewy, this is so different from any bobas that I had before!
I love HIllcrest Dental!
I will admit I haven't always treated my teeth well, and this has caused me to have a dentist phobia and thus made my teeth worse.
Before I went here a few months ago, I didn't have a cleaning for close to 5 years!
The hygienist was very gentle and took very long cleaning my teeth.
I was surprised I didn't need a deep cleaning after so many years!
She did mention my gums were receding a little, ( which I can clearly see) She told me to take a certain amount of vitamin C a day.
Doesn't sound like a place that up sells to me.
In the last month I have gone weekly, instead of silver fillings I now have beautiful white fillings that were very nicely done.
Next up for me is a dental implant and invisalign in a few weeks when I save up enough :) take it from someone who hates her teeth and now is learning there is a way to be happy about her smile; this is the place to go!
I feel like this place is one step ahead, tells me exactly what my options are, and now I feel completely comfortable going to the dentist after 25 years!
Lastly, if the quality of their work wasn't enough, the people that work here are so friendly.
You walk in here and feel like you are going to visit your family.
No more snooty front desk girls or dentist that are rushing you out!
Had the opportunity to use them for a few Christmas lunches.
I will be using them again.
Great pricing, great product, and who does not enjoy Taco Tuesday?
The pizza was great, but the guys that make it , while we were there they were scratching their heads, taking  their hats off to run fingers through their hair.
And one guy that was cutting up something was eating.
They need to wash their hands after scratching.
Will not be back to this one
I'll give this place one star for the music, I would never eat or drink here again, ever.
We went in for the 2 for 1 margaritas, which ended up being $11.00 each, even with the 2-fer!!
Yeah, the server said they were regularly 22 bucks each.
They came in small plastic cups for a nice touch, they weren't bad but the food was horrible.
We ordered tons of starters and everything was bla, dry, even the nachos went back!
I went the safe route and got the street style tacos and I'll tell you any Taco Truck in California is 100 times better than that dry, bland, chopped up fajita meat thrown on some greasy corn tortillas and then topped with raw chopped onions and some cilantro, I ate half of one and gave the rest all back.
Ew.
Actually one of my friends said she probably wouldn't eat Mexican food for a while, that's how bad it was.
Oh, and the cute bar girl poured tequila all over my face and  neck when I went up for the "Mas Tequila" shot at the bar.
Seriously..
I was hungry.
My aunt was hungry.
Those were the only two reasons I went to this place while out visiting Boulder City.
The pizza portions were ridiculously huge, but y'know, there was nothing special about this place other than its cheap prices.
The cheese on my slice was overly greasy and no matter what you do, NEVER order their fries because they're out to make you fat.
This place has been around for a long time (at least 30 years).
Apparently it used to be quite a popular hang out for certain circles back in the day, and many locals still regularly visit.
The location is in a small nondescript building on the corner.
You can enter through the front door or through the back door from the parking lot and walk through the kitchen (somewhat odd, but ok..).
The dining area is a small wood panel lined room with only a single tiny half window.
You are definitely not here to enjoy the atmosphere.
The menu choice is a bit limited.
I tried the egg flower soup (yummy), pork fried rice (good), mongolian beef (not bad), and shrimp chop suey (not bad).
It was basic fast food chinese fare, good but not great.
Also soft drinks only come in cans.
The food certainly did not impress, nor did anything else really.
On my own, I probably would not return here, however, my friend is one of those locals I referred to above so I'm sure I will be back.
The owners are very friendly as well.
This is one of my favourite places to brunch in the East End.
I was a bit surprised at my last visit because the prices went up on the menu.
That's what made me put a 4 stars instead of a 5, because I would recommend this place !
It used to be very affordable (it still is!!)
for very generous portions.
For an example, I have a hard time finished the whole serving of benedict eggs by myself.
I love their potatoes / crispy !
The staff is always nice.
In the summer you can eat outside.
You should get there before 10h on the week-ends, it gets busy quickly.
Easy parking around.
I had wanted to try this tailor for some time and recently walked in with expensive jeans I needed hemmed.
I had read somewhere that the original hem could (or should) be retained so as not to spoil the "look".
When I mentioned this to the proprietor, he told me they could absolutely do this, but assured me they could reproduce the original hem for substantially less money.
They were able to do the work immediately, and the results were great.
The length was perfect and the new hem indistinguishable from the original.
While I was waiting the five minutes for the job to be completed, another customer dropped in and had major alterations performed on a new suit - the results were impressive.
The location is spacious and there is comfortable seating.
The price for my alteration was less than any other place I've frequented.
On an earlier occasion, a friend and I took a well-worn leather jacket in for a repair estimate.
The tailor, who is obviously extremely talented, polite and personable, was honest about what could be accomplished and what the repairs would cost.
While we didn't use their services then (we threw the jacket out), I really appreciate a business that values honesty over a cash grab.
These guys are great.
Great for greasy late night eats.
You can't go wrong with a burger and a side of fries or fried pickles.
Probably the friendliest and most knowledgeable staff in town, very fair prices and a local neighbourhood gem.
They even have a self wash dog station people can use for a low fee.
They have tons of products ranging from dogs to birds, and even offer delivery which is great if you can't haul that giant bag of dog food home.
Being in Vegas for nearly 1 week, I was craving for something hot, spicy, and flavorful.
While there are numerous "famous-chef" restaurants and buffets galore on the strip, sometimes you just need a break from mass produced hotel food.
Penang Malaysian Cuisine fit the bill perfectly.
Located on Spring Mountain Road on the second floor of a mini mall, Penang is a medium sized, modest looking restaurant on the outskirts of Las Vegas' Chinatown area.
The first thing that struck me when we arrived was how empty the restaurant was...where were the people?
Only 1 table was filled, but from the way they were eating, it looked like they were enjoying the food.
The menu is extensive and offers a large variety of appetizers, rice dishes, noodle dishes, curries, seafood, beef, pork, chicken, and vegetables.
I loved that in addition to the list of menu items, there are pictures for every dish!
This helped a lot since my husband and I are not all that familiar with Malaysian cuisine.
We ordered the roti canai, a stir fry vegetable dish with shrimp paste (similar to chinese spinach, ong choy), a spicy curry chicken, and a rice noodle stir fry.
All of the dishes were delicious.
The roti was light, flaky, and hot.
The accompanying curry dipping sauce was the perfect vehicle for sopping up the yummy sauce.
So flavorful and spicy.
The vegetable stir fry and noodle dishes were also tasty.
The star of the show, however was the curry chicken.
OMG!
I wish I had a second stomach to eat more of that dish.
The curry was spicy and dripping with flavor.
Just thinking of it is making my tummy grumble and mouth water...
The service was friendly and attentive.
They kept filling our water and wanted to make sure we were happy with our food.
The prices were reasonable and portions just right.
Overall we were extremely happy with our meal and will definitely be returning!
I can not say enough about what a positive experience I had with these guys today!
I called day of- from Los Angeles asking for a delivery to my friend and her new baby.
Even though their schedule was packed, they accommodated and delivered 18 beautiful (and from what my friend says, DELICIOUS!)
mini cupcakes with a bow and personal message on the box!
They were beyond friendly and helpful.
Don't send flowers, send cupcakes!!
!
I thought Mezes was over-rated.
The food is very similar to a bunch of Greek places which are much better value.
I thought it was over priced and not all that great.
Nice little place that you can get decent Italian food late at night.
Everything we had was flavorful and not over priced like most of Vegas.
The ambience of sitting outside in a mall is surprising nice and feels like sitting in a side street restaurant in Rome.
Favourite coffee place in the city.
An americano from C Bomb makes my day.
Paired with a flakey, savoury gruyere croissant... gah (that's the sound of me melting with extreme contentment).
Good tunes.
Friendly millennials.
Roncy Yipsters.
Kaboom!
Customer service is outstanding.
Personalized service, they try and save you money.
Bad experience elsewhere.
This will now be my go to for anything mailing, packaging related.
I appreciate the service.
Loved the Bakery..
Finally decided to try the Daddy shop - Bouchon (The Restaurant):

10th Floor, Venezia Tower..
Walked in here for Brunch.
The place had a Classy Decor, Very Professional Staff and Clientele were mostly Upper Class looking individuals.
Starters:

Bread with butter, jam and ketchup?!
: Bread was shaped like a branch with leaves.. something like that.
It was hard but the inside was soft and tasted fresh.
The butter was kinda hard too, the jam was pretty good and the ketchup I guess was for the fries to come?
Who eats bread with ketchup?
Cheese Danish - Looked like a croissant shaped like a muffin, with a dab of some cream cheese butter on top.
This was So Flaky/Soft and the cream cheese butter lightly spread throughout was perfectly balanced..
This wasn't your ordinary cheese danish (pre-packaged grocery store bought), this thing was Superb!
Croque Madame: Toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce.
Served with pommes frites..
Sounded quite fancy for a breakfast dish - In Layman's Terms = Ham & Cheese Sandwich with Egg and Fries!
Toast tasted like a really buttered croissant with an airy texture.
Ham & Cheese wasn't the oscar mayer ham nor Kraft cheese I use for h&c sandwiches back at home, it was much more gourmealicous!
Plus, with the fried egg, more like a sunny side up egg and their white creamy/frothy sauce, makes an Incredible Sandwich!
Fries were served as a generous amount and were plain good.
Corned Beef Hash with eggs and toast: Corned Beef hash came in shallow bowl with a blanket of overeasy eggs practically covering the hash.
I scooted over the eggs to try just the flavor of the corned beef.
They were little cubed chunks sitting on top of some pretty tasty juice/sauce.
The cubes tasted and had the texture of ham.
The juice/sauce gave it a great beef flavor but not the usual Real and typical corned beef I'm used to having.
Nevertheless, it was Good.
The toast were thick and had a buttery flavor and reminded me of a Crouton.
Like a Toast Bread Shaped Crouton?!..
Fancy  Place, Great Service, Delectable Food But Came with a price.. $83.00 for 2 including 11.00 Tip.. Oh, it did include 2 Mimosa's!
Cheers!
!
Everything is always good.
The smell from the bakery is amazing.
Be sure to go early as it gets very crowded and is small.
We have been going off and on for over 10 years with my inlaws who are members.
Pastor Dave is a very kind and approachable Pastor.
He married my husband and I in 2004 and baptised my daughter and two nephews.
Just recently we renewed our wedding vows with Pastor Dave in a very intimate, religious ceremony which was important to us.
The church is very traditional and we like attending with my inlaws for all the holidays.
I love the music ministry and my daughter has been attending a summer camp for three years.
I highly recommend this church.
Outstanding place to eat.
I ate here several times and service was always timely.
Food choices were sufficient and prices acceptable.
It can get crowded when the place is full.
Unfortunately it's a small restaurant.
I understand there is limited space at its present location but if the set up inside was roomier the setting would be better.
Kilt lifter is my new favourite beer.
And that is coming from a Canadian!
Food is good, nothing extraordinary, but tasty and this restaurant wins all its points because of convenience, since it's open, cooking fresh food, 24/7.
A favorite for late night, absolutely.
Great experience!
Love Amanda R!
She is always sweet, energetic and friendly.
She goes way above and beyond!
Mornings she's not there are always a little duller- Amanda R adds the sparkle to working out!
yay!
another school.
I love the spot in liberty village but the brunch rush always kept me away.
The menu here is slightly different but of the same ambiance.
It's delicious and indulgent brunch food served well.
I haven't gone for dinner, only brunch.
I had the pulled pork benny (meh- the pork was dry and the egg was well cooked!
which they replaced with a runny one when I asked), but the french toast was killer!
the candied bacon was also totally worth the visit.
Would go back and try other things.
Pork benny was meh but the french toast was heaven so it gets a 4.
Great place when stuck in a bind without a credit card.
They helped us out,got us a car and we was on the road.
The car did just fine .
We took it to see the hover dam and had a great time.
Ty global!
!
this spot has an ample supply of different products for the painter, sculptor, draughtsman and artisan in you.
they seem to have a bit of everything with a decent supply of many different products.
if you want to be sure that you get all that you need in one spot, perhaps your needs might require more specific tools or products, then there inventory is not as extensive as other art stores in the city.
i noticed, though,  that they had quite a few products for kids whether itd be plastacene type products, crayons or something simply for fun like build a monster kit.
and if you need stuff for a party like streamers and the like or perhaps you are going to a party and you need a card, well theyve got that too.
This place is really falling apart.
They did put up a big mosquito net in the one bottle-service area though.
And since the other cooks left they now have food again.
It's just really dead and boring and the one DJ is shit but Paul is great.
Note that I only talked about non-stripper things?
Yeah, that's because the other things are the best part of this place..
I was in town visiting over the wekend and stumbled upon this gem!
I was amazed that it had only been open for less than a week!
Being from New England, I stopped in to watch the Patriots game.The Video presentation for the sports were second to none.
It didn't bother me that I was the only Pat's fan.
The ambiance, energy, and professioanlly trained staff, made me feel right at home.
The selction of beers were amazing, as well as the food that I sampled!
I would pit their burger against any other high end burger joint that I dined at.
I even challenged my girlfriend to a game of Billiards, because I was having so much fun there.
The icing on the cake were the reasonable prices!
I didn't get sticker shock, and it the experience didn't burn a hole in my wallet.
If I lived in AZ, this would definetely be my new hang out!
After reading some of the reviews here, I'm wondering if I stayed in the same hotel.
Stayed here one night, 7/15, got an incredible price ($18!
), fantastic room on the 26th floor, and couldn't have been more pleased.
As a local you get 25% off the food automatically, only one I consumed was the Sunday dinner buffet, and it was really good.
Gambling doesn't interest me, and I didn't come here to dine, but as far as a place to stay, it was an incredible deal.
Room was clean, nice, great view.
loved the built in table along the length of the window (I even saw my laptops smile).
Great bargain, no resort fees, good base to take off from...
We ordered almost everything on the menu.
Because we love sushi and hibachi and were excited for this restaurant to open.
Only to be disappointed.
The quality of the food and the flavor was not there.
I found this whole concept a little bizarre and a good representation of annoying Vegas clubs, with the bonus of being in more advanced states of undress.
You get the privilege of paying to enter, paying quadruple for drinks, obscenely loud music, and plenty of drunk twenty somethings bouncing on the deck chairs.
But hey, it's Vegas, it's hot as the surface of the sun, and Foxtail has a pool.
So there's that.
Looks inviting from the outside.
After glancing through the reviews I was good to go.
I am glad they offer a separate dining area besides the seating at the bar.
I was having a late lunch and didn't feel comfortable enough to hang with the happy hour crowd.
Very attentive service, nice menu of options, daily specials and soups.
Too many choices to look over when you aren't quite sure what the specials of the house are.
I opted for a baked Italian hoagie that wasn't baked.
The meat was grilled but that's about it.
I was surprised  to see that their portions do not match their prices.
I asked for a half of a hoagie and was told that the 9.99 is the half hoagie price.
Meat and toppings were very sparse.
Half hoagie,  1 beer, and cheese bite appetizers came to 22.00.
I like the surroundings  and service but I might need to rethink what I order the next time.
Jenny is a miracle worker!!!!!
I had a very bad color done at another salon.
I didn't know how much she would be able to fix it.
She stayed late n made sure I left happy.
Best color I have ever had done!!
See Jenny for your color it will be the best decision you could ever make for your hair!!
!
This location is not only excellent in service, but the cuisine is expertly prepared and presented.
The owners are friendly, and give their customers nothing less than phenomenal service.
As a growing business, I recommend it to anyone who wants a quick bite to eat on lunch, but wants genuine BBQ, from grill to melting in your mouth.
I thank the owners for this exceptional service and cuisine!
This review is based solely on the food.
Service was 5 stars, but we probably got such great service because we were the ONLY people in the restaurant.
I ordered the special Cuban Torta, meat was a bit on the skimpy side and flavor was very lacking.
No salt or pepper on tables so we had to ask for it.
Portion to price ratio is way off, ordered rice with my Torta and after 3-4 spoon fulls rice was done.
To sum up this place I'd say it's best for drinks and appetizers.
Are you craving pierogis?
All Pierogi Kitchen is the place to go to fulfill that craving!
The pierogis were authentic, made fresh in house, and filling.
Every bite was deliciousness.
All of the pierogis tasted good and we even recommend trying out the dessert pierogis.
On the outside, the building looked sketchy but we were glad we weren't deterred away.
The restaurant inside was clean and had a homey vibe.
The service was attentive and friendly and we recommend checking out the market attached to the restaurant.
It's on Mt.
Washington, but no view.
The inside looks like a fire hall set up for a wedding.
It is so loud that I sometimes can't hear my dinner partner across the table.
But none of that matters when you taste the food.
The pasta is outstanding, and served in enormous, enormous portions.
The menu is a bit cryptic - dishes aren't really described, only named, so make sure you know what you're getting before you order.
And it's BYOB, so don't forget your wine!
If Giordano's is looking to compete with Lou Malnati's, they are going to have to improve their dough recipe.
The crust tasted like a flaky hard biscuit which is not pleasant on pizza.
Lou Malnati's dough has a wonderful yeasty dough flavor while Giordano's doesn't taste like much at all, same as their garlic parmesan french fries.
C'mon give us garlic, we can handle it!
To someone who just shoves food in their face and doesn't overly think about it, Giordano's is fine, but if you consider yourself a pizza buff you will probably be let down after the fourth bite.
Overall Giordano's is not horribly disgusting but it isn't impressive either.
They could also stand to hire extra staff to be refilling drinks.
If you're looking for a truly spectacular pizza, do yourself a favor and go to Grimaldi's.
Four of us went during the first few days this restaurant opened.
we ordered the fries (delicious, with rosemary and salt) and each ordered a burger.
I had the steakhouse which has a red wine sauce and was really very good it came as I ordered medium well.
The other three people who were in our party all had a problem with the way the burgers were cooked.
Everyone else's were too overcooked, my parner's burger was cooked to a crispy well done even though she had ordered it medium.
Our waitress was happy to send my partner's burger back and have it made correctly.
Our waitress also seemed very nervous and seemed on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Overall I liked my own burger but was unimpressed that 3 our of 4 burgers that were ordered at our table were cooked incorrectly.
I will likely not be going back to this restaurant.
I felt it was also a little overpriced.
For a great burger I will continue to go to Tessaros
Ever since Tsujiri opened up, feels like a lot of copy cats are opening their own, or had the idea to bring over a brand from Japan.
To me, it's ok. As long as you do a good job I don't mind buying from a copy cat.
Saryo is a 2 in 1 shop with ramen (Konjiki) and the Saryo café.
This review is for Saryo.
I'm a matcha fiend and have to politely disagree with all the other reviewers praising Saryo's matcha.
It really doesn't compare with Tsujiri.
Tsujiri has a much longer history of doing matcha and Saryo's matcha is simply not the same grade.
High quality matcha is supposed to have a subtle sweetness in addition to a slight bitter taste.
Too bitter does not mean it's better.
Saryo's matcha soft serve is simply not as pronounced and lacks that subtle sweetness I would expect.
The texture is also a bit more runny than I would like.
Also, their selection is much smaller than Tsujiri and most of the pastry items are a notch worse than Tsujiri.
Customer service wise, I can't get over one of their servers.
It's a guy named Taiki I think.
Horrible service.
If you want good matcha drinks and desserts, definitely go to Tsujiri instead.
Prices are about the same but you get less quality at Saryo.
I might try their houjicha as that seems to get a lot of praise.
If you visit Calgary, you must make a point to go to Charbar.
The building itself is historic, formally an industrial building, and its juxtaposition to all of the newly constructed skyscrapers make it stand out.
It's an overall beautiful, and beautifully decorated, restaurant.
My husband and I sat down for an after-dinner drink at the bar and were pleasantly surprised by the wide wine, beer and cocktail selection.
We also ended up ordering the yucca fries, which were to die for.
Our bartender Andrew was clearly well-versed in all of the selection and made great conversation!
We also had the opportunity to meet the restaurant manager, Tyson, who was more than willing to let us know more about the building's history, what they have to offer and very knowledgeable about food/drink.
Everything from atmosphere to customer service to menu offerings are 5 stars!
Good lunch with the wife Tiffany I believe her name was greeted us very nicely whole entire staff was very nice and polite food came out fast and free ice cream is always a nice touch.
Can not say enough wonderful things about this Family owned company!
They have worked so well with me.
They have amazing quality in everything they do.
I am beyond happy with customer service, my product and how smooth everything has gone.
There prices are so fitting for a well job done.
I will be a returning customer again.
5 stars by far!
This is my favourite place to go when I wanna eat authentic Middle Eastern food, the prices are reasonable, they should open another location close to downtown, also I like to buy from the grocery the Baklavas and turkish coffee.
there are many options.
I wasn't aware that it's a state law in PA for phlebotomists to only be allowed to try taking blood three times at one time.
Whoever the woman was that I was assigned to could not find a vein to get blood.
This was important for medical reasons to get done and she was very unprofessional and rude.
I recently moved to PA from Ohio, so I didn't know a phlebotomist here can only try three times.
I kindly said to her 'can I ask why you can only try three times?'
And she gave me a nasty uncaring look and replied quickly 'because I'm not a doctor'.
After I left, all I could think was no shit you aren't a doctor, it's not a doctor's job to take blood, it's your job( a phlebotomists' job).
I thought it was very unprofessional.
I've never dealt with someone in the medical field that didn't truely care or have passion for helping me, especially if I ask a question.
I don't remember her name, and if I did I wouldn't put her name out there.
I just wish people would stop and remember the reason why they chose that field.
Yes, money is great for most of the opportunities, but you really have to care and want to make a difference in order to be successful in the medical field.
Even if someone asks a stupid common sense question, just remember there is a reason they are choosing you to ask.
If someone asks me anything, I feel honored because they care about my opinion and what it is I have to say.
Just saying, sorry for rambling!
Great Mexican food!
We had green and red enchiladas.
YUMM!
Beautiful white Burgundian wine offered by the glass.
Lovely ambiance.
Ask to sit FAR away from the door in the winter.
Or upstairs.
They could use a heavy velvet curtain to block out that cold Montreal air!
Thank you so much for the lovely dinner and good service.
Great food.
Great service.
Love this place.
I tell everyone it a must stop if you are a foodie!!
!
My normal lunch routine has consisted of cheap, fast food contraptions and bowls of Progresso soup.
So, a change in food was very much needed.
My co-workers mentioned this restaurant a while ago.
Today, I decided to feed my culinary curiosity and order lunch for my co-worker (aka my lunch homie) and I. Harry's Grill and Tavern, here we come!
Here are some of the items that we ordered :

Mapleleaf Farms Duck Wings w/Bourbon BBQ sauce and Jicama Slaw

1) Initially, the chicken looked a little parched.
Last night's chicken?
Ummm, I hope not.
However, the taste was decent.
Portion size was good.
2) The Jicama slaw was an excellent take on slaw.
Traditional slaw (cabbage) can sometimes become very boring.
However, the Jicama put a nice spin on it.
The lunch homie, though, with her traditionalist, non-risk taking tongue, let the slaw fall gently from her mouth.
You can't please every palate.  

Small Mixed Green Salad with Raspberry Vinaigrette and Mac - N - Cheese - Lunch Combo

1) Harry's Mac - N - Cheese was the greatest joy that I experienced during this meal!
The consistency and texture was great...not too dry and not loose...just creamy goodness in my belly!
The levels of cheesiness was outstanding.
And the light sprinkling of panko crumbs provided that last bit of contrast and crunch.
The Comfort Food gods have bestowed their blessings on this particular dish.
2) Bought the Small Mixed Green salad to eat for dinner.
The portion size definitely small, but it's packed with some good stuff.
Can't wait to get my greedy hands on it later this evening!
Harry Old Fashioned Burger with a side of Sweet Potato Fries

1) My lunch homie ordered a Harry's Old Fashion Burger with a side order of sweet potato fries.
I snagged a few and they were good.
I've ordered sweet potato fries at other establishments and I've always needed additional condiments (i.e.
Honey Mustard sauce)  to add some taste.
However, we both agreed that these fries were great by themselves.
The slight sweetness of vanilla gave the side item a little more depth, while the salt reminds you that it's still a fry.
She was less enthusiastic about her burger, though.
I believed she said that she had better times with a BK Whopper.
Hey, I'm not a burger connoisseur,  so who am I to judge?
The presentation of the burger was well put together.
Wasn't sloppy or unappealing.
Just your typical pub burger waiting to be consumed.
All items were moderately priced.
My tab totaled to 31.12.
Our lunch take out order was timely ( ready in 15 minutes) and accurate.
Great location and if you're a non-parallel parker such as myself, they have easy access to the restaurant from the parking garage.  I will definitely return to see what Harry's has to offer for dinner and brunch.
I must try the Lobster Mac - N - Cheese!!
!
after incurring intense lower back pain, I searched for a good chiropractor and discovered Dr Warkentin at the rateMDs website (under the Top 10 Chiropractors in the World) - what astounded me was that he had about 350 reviews (412 as of today), absolutely dwarfing the number of reviews for all other listed chiropractors - I also found out, to my surprise, that his clinic (actually a full-scale wellness center) was only about 15 minutes away - I made an appointment and was able to see him the same day - I had a full set of X-rays done - Dr Warkentin showed me the pertinent X-ray and provided an unrushed and thorough explanation of what was causing the pain in my back - he also pointed out areas that could lead to problems down the road - I was then put on a roller table, received electrical stimulation, had some adjustments done, and concluded the visit with cold laser therapy - subsequent visits added use of a spinal decompression machine - I also received instruction from his associate Dr Wolsey (who has a master's degree in Exercise Science) about how to strengthen my core muscles to provide support for my spine - after about 2 weeks worth of visits, about 90 to 95 percent of the pain was relieved // I've seen other chiropractors in the past - how Dr Warkentin conducts his practice blows them out of the water - it's evident his goal is excellence in terms of the quality of care he seeks to provide and the physical environment in which it's done (e.g.
the patient restrooms resemble that of a luxury hotel; also, there is meticulous attention paid to upkeep, which explains why his large facility still looks new after 8 years) - in addition to being very personable and super sharp, Dr Warkentin is extraordinarily skilled at diagnosing conditions, going well beyond what the normal chiropractor is capable of doing (he's caught life-threatening problems that patients' physicians have missed, even though they're not in his official realm of expertise) - he attends surgeries weekly with some of the most skilled doctors in the Valley (neuro, spine, cardiovascular, etc.)
to enhance his diagnostic capabilities - Dr Warkentin also has a desire to give back - e.g.
he goes out of his way to provide affordable care to fire dept and military personnel - another example:  he took a week off earlier this year to provide his expertise on a medical missions trip to Africa // Dr Warkentin sets an example and standard of what quality medical care should be like - he doesn't market - he obtains all his business by word-of-mouth - and having experienced first hand how he treats his patients, I now understand why his marketing budget is non-existent - some of his patients fly to his clinic to be treated by him, rather than visit a nearby local chiropractor - you can add me to the list of his fans - almost forgot, one last item to mention: on the day of my initial visit, Dr Warkentin gave me a call later in the evening to see how I was doing  - it was completely unexpected - how many doctors bother to do that?
- a most well deserved 5 stars!
very helpful and does excellent repair work at very affordable prices.
Good selection of inventory as well.
Probably the most reasonable fees for repair and replacement work in the Valley.
Was in the area, and I'm more into supporting local shops than chain.
Read a couple of reviews and they seemed fair enough to give it a try.
Got the steak sandwich with provolone and mushrooms.
Was okay, not much flavor in the meat.
I will add as well this place is a bit pricey for what you get , $11.00 for a full sub and a drink is kinda high.
Over all it was good, I'd say the best was the bread, soft and fresh can't ever go wrong with that.
Would I return, probably not, if they adjust the prices and have more lunch specials that are worth the travel then I probably say I would come back and try many other subs.
At least a daily special from 11-2, maybe $7-8 bucks for a 6 inch, soup and a med drink.
I'm sure my one review is not gonna gear people away from coming, but if your on a budget this review might be helpful.
"Focker Out!"
I went to Museum Tavern last night for summerlicious and was really disappointed.
Service: 2/5
When we arrived we asked if there was space on the patio and we were told that there was not, and everyone on the patio just arrived so he wasn't anticipating that there would be space any time soon.
So we took a seat inside only to find 2 groups had left the patio 10 minutes later.
We would have waited for a patio seat if we had the option as it was a lovely night.
When we were greeted by our waiter he told us that we could only order off the summerlicious menu.
But throughout the night, we saw many people ordering burgers (that were not on the summerlicious menu), so I'm not sure why everyone other than us could order off the regular menu...?
Food: 2/5
I had the buttermilk fried chicken as an appetizer and it was good.
My food rating would have been 1 if not for the appetizer.
My boyfriend got the duck buns and said my appetizer was better.
The main course was the maple baby back ribs.
I was looking forward to these all day and was very disappointed.
They were way too spicy and not cooked very well.
Ribs should be falling off the bone if cooked properly - these definitely were not!
There was also no plate for the bones or wet naps for us - but that has nothing to do with the food, but more to do with the service.
For dessert I had the brownie ice cream cake and my boyfriend had blue berry pie.
The pie had no taste and was infinitely better than my cake.
The brownie part was so hard that I couldn't cut into it with my spoon.
After two bites (my b/f had to cut it for me!)
I decided it wasn't worth the effort - and thereby made history, as it was the first time I've EVER declined a dessert!
Other:
The restaurant was nice inside but not nice enough for me to return.
Place is OK .
Met here for happy hour on a Friday!
Coronas were $3.50 and the food was well priced!
Got four " mini chimi's " for $5 and our group of four people split the Mexican pizza $8 which was large and we had left overs!
Place just seems like it has seen better days?
They had garbage bags over the stools outside which was odd.
Music was odd as well played the grease sound track the.
Lil yahty?
I would go back just to much on some food and leave.
If I could give this place negative stars, I would.
It Sucked!
My girlfriends and I were given free entrance and we were promised free champagne if we showed up between 11:00 and 12:00.
We showed up at 11:40 and they were out of champagne, and didn't offer us any other free drinks as compensation.
That sucked since the free champagne was the only reason we were going.
Then I asked for a water, and they tried to charge me $5 for a bottle of water.
They wouldn't give me tap water until I lied to them and told them I would vomit if they didn't give it to me.
Seriously - what kind of a place hands out free champagne until it's gone, but won't give out free water?
It's like they want people to get out-of-control drunk.
And to top it off the bouncers were jerks.
Please don't go there - it's a waste of resources.
I had a very nice lunch with a client.
I tried out their new pesto chicken pasta dish.
The side salad was a bit of a disappoint for the price, maybe because the plate was not big enough to actually toss the salad!!
ha

Location was a nice size, clean and the staff were okay!
This place is uhhhh-mazing and delicious.
Everytime I come, I am never disappointed in the food.
It is pretty packed, but I still come because it is that delicious.
Location: located in the Albertson next to a vapor store.
Plenty of parking space.
Decor: nothing special.
But clean and their service is great.
If you do not like your drinks, you can exchange it with no question asked.
That's great customer service especially if you pay $6 for a drink.
Drinks: their specialty is Fresh Brewed Tea.
However, they also have smoothies and coffee too.
Their smoothies are not from fresh fruit so do 't expect healthy fruit drinks.
The coffe is OK, not strong enough for me.
My favorite drink here is the Jasmine Latte.
I love how you can customize the sweetness, or add any toppings.
Price is expensive for tea drinks.
But you get what you pay for: freshness, great taste tea and service.
Will be back and for that I give this place 4 stars!
It's great to have mobile service come to you.
I appreciated T&A returning my call within a few hours.
Taylor and crew provided quick professional welding service to our new RV.
Our welding work was neatly done including marching spot paint to protect the new welds.
My only complaint is arrival time was 40 minutes late.
Service charge was very fair.
We are happy campers!
Ordered food to go, so I haven't had the full experience, but as far as I'm concerned, I love this place already.
The Florentine and the Smoky Eggs were both delicious, although they didn't come exactly as described in the menu.
Customer service was on point from the moment I walked through the door until I left.
I sat on the patio while I waited for my food and soaked up some of the sunshine.
It felt like I was back in Italy.
Great vibes all around.
Service is good, but the food is just disappointing.
Didn't live up to the expectation at such a high price ($45/person with tip and tax).
Won't consider coming back again.
Probably our favorite restaurant in the area.
Great food great prices and always a fun environment.
We've never had anything we didn't like and you can't beat the beautiful patio views of LKN any time of the year.
When our family comes to visit from NYC this is always their first choice for dinner, sometimes even twice in one week!
Took my car here over a year ago and again, recently, just prior to selling it.
First time I just needed the interior cleaned so I requested the interior detailing and they did an amazing job- they were able to remove all traces that my dog was usually my co-pilot and the interior was spotless.
The second time I had both the interior and exterior cleaned and again- perfect job.
I will definitely use again and would highly recommend.
This is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown Las Vegas.
It's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.
It's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the Daiya cheese we all love.
The crust is chewy and delicious.
At other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.
In my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me.
Thumbs up!
Don't eat all day and go here to eat every animal under the sun.
Above average salad bar but not the best brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to before.
The worse part about the Sofitel was having to leave.
I miss the bed.
I miss the robe and the towels and the L'occitane products in the bath room.
I miss the quite gym.
And the amazing city views from my room on the 7th story.
Every detail of my 5 night stay was fabulous.
From the housekeeping to the concierge service.
The location couldn't have been better!
The Peel metro stop is just steps away from the hotel.
Also, if you like to walk/run Mont Royal is just up the street (at Peel and Pins).
Our last night in the city we were too tired to go to dinner so we sat at Le Bar and enjoyed a flight of French Reds and a cheese plate with 3 different local cheeses.
Although it was slightly pricey, listening to Joe-Luis speak about the wine and food with his sexy French Canadian accent made it all well worth it :)
Absolutely best Trader Joe's I have been to so far in Las Vegas and San Antonio.
First off Trader joes has amazing prices vs. Other grocery stores.
The selections of pre made dips and different meats is the number one thing I  love about it.
Its is one of the only stores that I have seen carry Hawaiian shorts ribs already marinaded!!
(Mmmm).
They don't have tons of produce but they do have a good selection.
They have awesome bouquets of fresh flowers that are super cheap!
Natural shampoos, toothpaste, ect.
Dog food, wine, gluten free selections, and on on!!
In think it was such a great idea to hide a fake  parrot....or at this store it's a sea horse, to keep kids occupied while shopping.
If they find the hidden Sea horse they get a treat.
Yay!!!
They have these adorable little kids carts too which my kids loved!
My coworker turned me on to this place.
The place is a classic hole in the wall with good food.
I had the burger, wings and fries all was delicious with a great price.
Stumbled into this place.
Looking around the area to get some good food and drinks.
And that's what I got.
Great place.
Rich is such a cool guy he could sell just about anything to anyone at a high price.
He is also smart, so I think that is just what he might be doing.
If you dont care about getting screwes on price, I think there may be a good chance you could be happy here.
But if you are on a budget (arent we all in one way or another) then you may not appreciate their "you have to come in before I tell you what it costs" game and even when you come in they still dont tell you what it would cost, only that their guys charge hourly and almost as much as lawyers.
That was not was I was personally looking for.
Finally he tried to sell me a DIY polishing machine that he supposedly invented himself because he is a chemist, and instead of telling the specs he gave me some sales pitch how it "circulates instead of rotates".
That was probably a salesmans way of describing what ordinary people would call an orbital polisher - that is not unique but he tried to present it as such which I percieved as dishonest.
Sorry.
So instead I went and waxed the car myself with high quality Meguilar stuff I got from Walmart at around $30 and now it is nicer than new!
I came in becaue I work around the corner and I always used to come in for lunch.
Had the French dip or should i say a bread sanwhich.
It would have been nice if the food came to me atleast warm.
And if they are going to serve full size sandwiches probably is a good idea to put enough meat in there so you don feel like your just eating bread.
I'm going to have to pick a news lunch place.
We got delivery from here the other night and it was not bad at all.
We have the general tsos and broccoli and chicken dishes.
Both were very hot upon arrival at my place.
The gentleman was very nice.
I recommend this place.
Great food .
Kickass service .
Cool environment 
Came for the shrimp and grits but it's only on Wednesday.
I'm not sure why this place doesn't have excellent reviews.
Yes it's not located in the best area.
I don't understand when reviewers complain about an area, Tropicana is what it is, as expected.
There's no surprises here.
But this Starbucks is awesome.
The baristas are always in a spunky good mood.
But most importantly my latte is always spot on.
Other baristas at other locations either put too much syrup or not enough but these baristas are consistent with the perfection.
Good job!
!
Going a little down hill.
Place is getting dated and becoming less clean.
The food is still good but it's a little more expensive than it's worth.
Not always quick service.
I'm sure with a little work this place can be just as awesome as it use to be, but right now I will pass it up.
A great local place.
Good food.
Good atmosphere.
Healthy.
Only draw back is they are busy all the time.
Good things are worth waiting for!
I wish I could leave no stars.
I waited in the drive through for 15 minutes even though there's a 60 second guarantee sign outside.
Got no apology.
Said to the girl 4 times what I wanted and assumed she got it right...which I should know better than to do.
Got home and all of my stuff was wrong.
I drove all the way back & got no apology and was told to wait in the drive through line again.
Which took another 15 minutes.
Never coming back.
I'd rather drive to Henderson to get good service.
It isn't my fault that you have a mediocre job and hate your life.
This is the best Shawarma I have had in Calgary!
(That is not something that I would say causally) ... and I was sober when i went there!
This was a fabulous surprise, ... until I tried the Falafel sandwich , ... Wow!
The best Falafel I have tasted on this side of the Mediterranean.
Their secret is ... Fresh ingredients, and traffic.
The service was great, I plan to go back again at an earlier time in the day to try the Foul.
They had a car available to me even though i didn't have a reservation.
The transaction went quickly and I got a mid-size vehicle for the same price as I would have with a reservation.
Mark waited on me and he was really nice.
The car was clean and fresh!
Definitely would use Alamo again!
So I put off writing this review for a couple months because I was kind of pissed.
I want to be fair.
We will start with the good stuff.
We stayed here back in June 2017.
We, my husband and I, were going to Las Vegas for combination of Honeymoon and my husbands 40th Birthday.
We invited some friends to join us.
We ended up with about 20 of us there.
We didnt all stay at the Flamingo.
Only 6 of us did.
Others stayed in time shares and other hotels.
We are platinum members so we got to skip the long line, That was great.
We chose the Flamingo because it was iconic.
We knew it was a bit older and less expensive so we really were prepared for less fancy than other places.
We were ok with that.
Good thing too since our mini suite was quite run down and not very clean.
Housekeeping obviously needs some training.
But we didnt really mind.
We had the Birthday party at Carlos and Charlies with all 20 of us.
It was great and our waiter , Jason, was the best.
We rented a cabana at the Go pool which was pretty nice but the mister in the cabana didnt work and just dripped water all over our stuff.
Between my Husband and I and the rest of our party we spent many thousands of dollars.
We had saved so we could do anything and everything we wanted and we did.
It was great.
At the point of getting our bags out of the room and heading down to check out I probably would have given them 4 stars.
Quite pleased with the experience to this point....
And that was the point where we discovered that the staff at The Flamingo did not want us to have happy memories.
At the check out kiosk we discovered a charge of just over a thousand dollars that we didnt understand.
We went to the front desk and were told that someone in housekeeping had gone into our room and noticed sleeping bags and enough luggage for about 6 extra people.
-First of all, our do not disturb sign was up the entire time so no one was supposed to go in there at all.-  I told her that was a lie and we wouldnt pay it.
She went in the back to talk to a manager and came out with out the manager and with no solution.
She called housekeeping and was told the supervisor was not available but that they had pictures to prove it.
I asked to see the pictures.
They never could supply them.
We had to leave to catch a plane but didnt pay.
We had agreed with the front desk lady that it would be left as pending until the problem was resolved.
After weeks of calling and getting no returned phone calls.
Total run around.
They never supplied us with pictures.
It was a horrible experience.
We found out we could contact Ceasars Customer Service so we did.
They did call us back and said the charge had been removed.
No sorry, No admitting they had made a mistake.
It was more like just take it off to get us to shut up.
So we dropped it because the charge was removed but never made happy.
We will stay at Ceasars properties but never at the Flamingo again.
I hope  it was worth it for you -Flamingo- to try to screw us out of $1000 because I can promise that no one in our 20 person party, many of which are Las Vegas regulars, or anyone any of us ever talk to about it will stay at your hotel.
Ceasars is lucky that we love their other properties so much, especially Paris.
we updated our review and eggworks redeemed themselves----thank you=we had a wonderful experience on our 2nd visit-happy we gave it one more try.
we will return an be sure to customize everything we order....) food took a long time to come out/be served, but well worth the wait!!!
!
Only giving it a 1 because you can't do zero.
We get there and they put my husband and 70 year old dad right in the middle of traffic.
In a very claustrophobic booth.
We ask to move after ordering our drinks.
Took 20 minutes to get our drinks even after we told both waitresses and the hostess helped us move.
Pops and I both ordered the 16oz prime rib so we could have leftovers for lunch the next day.
They bring out our prime ribs and say our baked potatoes are on the way.
Pictures attached.
Almost half of it was fat.
I said oh my gosh that's a lot of fat.
Waitress says nothing.
Pops and my hubby ordered salads and I ordered mushrooms as my other side.
They bring my daughters and husbands meals came.
A few minutes later we get out baked potatoes.
Hubby says where is my potato?
Well they had given him my mushrooms and he was well on his way of eating them.
So you would think I'd get new mushrooms right?
Nope.
Just slide the half eaten mushrooms to my plate.
Then we order another round of drinks and it takes 20 minutes to get a half chill fireball shot.
So not a good experience.
If I'm paying $25 for a 16oz prime rib, I should get "close" to 16oz.
Not 8oz of meat and 8oz of fat.
Also it's supposed to be unlimited bread.
How many loaves do you think we got?
Yup 1.
Not a happy experience.
Sunflower Market is hands down my favorite place to grocery shop EVER!
They have an amazing selection of organic fruits, and vegetables.
They have delicious soups everyday.
They sell Boars Head cold cuts for cheaper than any other store I have shopped at.
Their freshly prepared tuna stuffed tomatoes are banging.
Their roasted red pepper hummus is the best I've ever had.
Their frozen section is full of organic and all natural selections.
Their beer selection is THE BEST, and they have a decent wine selection with really good deals.Their prices are better than all other natural grocery stores, and even better than some big name stores.
I love this place!
Good food all around.
The meal begins with complimentary sides as most Korean restaurants are known for.
In addition to the usual sprouts, kimchi, etc.
Island Style also gives you boiled peanuts which were a nice touch.
I went wth cold noodles half and half for my meal.
I really liked the dish, with each side offering a nice taste.
I wish it could have been spicier but in the end I was contently full and very happy with my choice.
$14 for the dining experience was well worth it.
The restaurant itself had a very mom and pop feel and seemed authentic in every aspect.
A very good option for eating in the area.
Ordered on Ritual but was not rdy when i went there, the worker doesn't seem to be well trained and it was obviously too busy for the one worker.
So not really the employee's fault.
Onto the food, $15 for a plate... And it wasnt even that much food.
This place not aight
I think there is a lot of mediocre food in Vegas.
Even the big name places-- dull.
Bouchon is very good but not quite outstanding.
I have also been to the Napa Bouchon, and would say the same.
Well, except for that side of butternut squash.
The best butternut squash I have ever had.
The pumpkin soup was great, the scallops very good but not great.
Our service was excellent.
We needed to catch an early dinner before the Garth Brooks show, and I was definitely pleased with our choice.
We'll be back!
The second most authentic Mexican experience I've had in Pittsburgh (see Edgar's Tacos in the Strip for the first).
Chips and salsa are brought to you as soon as you sit down, there are plenty of options, even for a vegetarian like me (that don't involve tofu, which has no place in Mexican food).
It seems to be the only place around that has a wide selection of traditional Mexican beers.
I find the atmosphere a little hokey, but I feel like that goes with the territory.
First off, this review is for the intercontinental suites which is a very different hotel than the intercontinental reviewed elsewhere on Yelp.
The intercontinental suites are simply ok.
They're clean, they make your bed, bring you towels, etc.
But for the price, I have to give them only 2 stars.
On the overpriced side, they're well over $100/day for a std room, plus parking is $16 / day, plus wireless for $10 / day.
For that price in Cleveland, I expect at least something special.
That simply wasn't to be found at the Suites.
I ordered room service.
Prices were on par with room service and delivery time was very fast, but my salad appeared as if it had been made a few hours ago and shrink wrapped.
They had a lame selection of beer on room service too.
They didn't even have single beers on their menu, they sold it by the six pack.
I managed to get a single bass which was palatable, but if you've read my other reviews, you know I like the local stuff better.
The exercise room is pathetic, they converted a former guest room into an exercise room by removing the furniture and throwing in a bike, treadmill, and maybe an elliptical.
I don't remember for sure what was there.
I took one look at it and walked out in disgust.
I went for a run instead, but you better know the area if you're going to do the same.
It's not too far from some places you definitely don't want to get lost in.
Head to the university and stay on campus.
If you're looking for a nice hotel in the area, I hear the other intercontinental is much better including an enormous workout facility.
If you find this place on the cheap and just need a place to crash, it's great for that.
The waffles here are to die for.
Having been to Belgium, I can say that these are almost just as delicious.
It can be a bit pricey but for all the waffle and toppings that you can get with it, it's definiely worth it!
Try the waffle with vanilla bean ice cream and fruits/chocolate sauce!
The map on the wall is also cool to look at while you're waiting or enjoying your waffle.
Roach by the kitchen door...
Considering floor was filthy, makes sense roaches a hanging out.
Must note,: roach was on the back squirming around like it was dying and after the staff was notified, they came and swept it up.
I heard really good things about this place, but I wasn't sure what to expect.
It was very different than I expected.
Alexander Michael's is in a cute, old house in the 4th ward and has a COMPLETELY different feel than anywhere else in Charlotte.
It is a dark, pub feel.
I assume they would have mixed drinks, but it's definitely more of a beer place.
They have a large selection of local beers, which I love.
The night I went it was 100 degrees outside, so I wasn't much in the mood for food.
I didn't see a lot of lighter options on the menu that I would eat (I'm picky), but I did try the "What It Is" pasta.
So glad I did because it was delicious!
If you're looking for a unique, small place in Charlotte, go visit!
Outstanding course.
Great views.
Challenging course.
One of my favorites in all 
US courses.
Outstanding service at clubhouse.
Went in to check out the different phones that ATT has thru Best Buy.
After looking at several models decided upon the Motorola Atrix.
This is where it gets complicated.
I have four lines and some were ready for upgrades....well anyway it took us over two hours with the store and ATT to get everything straightened out.
Kendra who was helping us was supposed to leave early to spend time with her family and never once did she act impatient or on a hurry.
GREAT SERVICE!
Very Happy with my new phone...the only  reason they do not have five stars is because there were only two of them working and the line got backed up.
But very happy with my service!!!
Thanks Kendra!
forget what you know about fine italian dining.
the dining at Giuseppe's is neither fine, expensive, or classy.
it's a black and white tiled mecca of italian food, nestled comfortably in the same strip mall as a cellular reseller and a blockbuster.
go anytime, and order anything.
if you see a dude alone at a table getting drunk on red wine, that's the owner.
the first time we went we cut him off for a parking spot outside.
PARTY FOUL.
it's BYOB, so make sure you stop at sprouts next door and get a bottle or five of whatever they have on sale.
A little grossed out sitting here, already ordered and look up to see waitress chomping down on corn on the Cobb.
Grabs a napkin wipes her face and then walks into the back kitchen where I can see through the apron her preparing food.
Never washing her hands.
Yuck yuck yuck.
The Cajun rib eye was great!
Sweet potato fries also good, as reported.
Both sauces were wonderful.
The mashed potatoes were creamy, buttery delicious!
Can't say I would recommend the Cole slaw, tasted as if the dressing was nonexistent.
A bit pricey but huge portions.
It was my first time here and I had the most delicious vegan meatball sandwish and my boyfriend had a vegan hotdog (Tokyo) which also was super delicious.
Such wonderful staff too!
I will be back soon!
my first (and thus far only) go at poutine!
I got a yummy vegetarian version, improved by sriracha.
I know the next time I'm drunk, I'll be craving this stuff--unfortunately I'll no longer be in Canada!
Poutine may not photograph well, but it tastes good :) I'll order extra curds next time
I travel for work a lot and this place was Hands down amazing.
I never think to order corn bread and it rocked my world.
My co worker said "this is a burger you come back for."
I had the ribs and they were mouth watering.
Very nice staff.
Booth was comfortable.
A little pricy but the quality of the food, the service of the host/server, and the location was worth it.
Delicious food at a great price.
Generous portions as well.
This is a hole in the wall type place and it's as authentic as it gets!
A good indication of a great experience is wanting a repeat ASAP.
My husband and I came here for dinner after a long drive from So Cal to our new home in Mountain Bridge.
We were immediately impressed with the attentive staff and blown away with the portions of delicious food.
(I had such a plentiful plate, we split my leftover pasta for lunch the next day!)
A few days later, we went back for happy hour and were just as impressed.
Dan at the bar was pleased to share recommendations on local brews - just what we were after, being fresh  Arizona residents!
Food is delivered from the kitchen piping hot... wonderful.
This place is run like a tight ship.
We had a quick chat with the manager, Demi, who stopped by to see how dinner was going.
She was really cool and obviously very involved in ensuring guests enjoy every aspect of their meal, which we did.
We've lived here just over a week and have already found our new local!
Awesome.
Small bologna and salami sandwich, toasted with cheese, mustard, and mayo.
Very cheap and good.
They also have good pickles, and soda made the old fashioned way.
Really cool little shop.
Check it out.
This place was awesome!
Love the atmosphere and the biscuits and jelly.
Can't wait to come back
Chad was wonderful he was friendly on time and my dogs look amazing.
It's hard to find a good groomer and when you do you have to spread the word.
I have two dogs and one is a pain but Chad won them over.
My dogs look and smell great!
Thanks again
Super personable show.
Be expecting to laugh the entire time.
He comes out afterwards to take pictures, and sign autographs.
I would and do plan on coming back.
I was eating at Oregano's the other day and this girl, a local was telling me about this place said it was a dive bar but fun so I had to try it out for myself.
I liked it but it is def a DIVE bar.
Cheap drinks that has liquer in them.
I'll def be back.
A wonderful little shop with very much a community feel to it.
Kit runs a nice and unique spot which is rarely seen these days - her vision is clear and focused in the decor, product assortment and services provided by the boutique.
"Boutique" truly is the appropriate word to use here, as the focus here isn't all about just turning product - she takes her time to educate and curate a broad array of interesting and cutesy little products that are not easily found elsewhere.
Outside of succulents, there is a finely collected assortment of little planters, pots and decorative items for creating your own miniature diorama.
My wife and I went to Plant It to participate in their succulent planting workshop.
The experience was wonderful.
Kit was hospitable, educational and created a very welcoming and fun environment for the experience.
We both enjoyed it very much - Kit helped document the process via taking photos, and guided us both in the selection, care and the assembly process.
Highly recommended--we will be back.
Note: Plant It does not only have succulents, but also these cool "sleeping flowers" which are living, last 10 years, are low maintenance and come in some fantastic neon colors.
A great place for gift ideas, favors and sprucing up your place.
Fix your store, it is so poorly run that I cannot even go there.
There are never pizzas ready, they don't answer the phone to make orders, the employees are rude and condescending and the customers are trash!
Our neighborhood is not this gross but if I was from outside the area, I would think it's the slums.
Totally unacceptable, get this store fixed immediately.
No excuses.
It also has a foul odor to it...the pizza is worth 5 or 6 bucks...nothing special just fix your stupid store and standards
Loved the pizza.
They had a great selection.
Services wasn't bad.
The wings are also tasty.
It was the breakfast of champions!
; ^ D
So I thought I would make Lahaina Grill my FIRST review even though I've been a Yelp member for a while and eaten at many places.
Upon entrance of Lahaina I was very impressed with the atmosphere  its very nice and laid back for a sushi place but I was really taken away by the fact that it has a full service bar with gambling.
Its not an AYCE sushi place anymore but their ridiculous happy hour make up for that.
My g/f and I thought the calamari and sushi was bomb.
The service was good and we will definitely be coming back here again.
The highlight of my visit was finding delicious, high quality Armenian String Cheese in the deli case, in addition to all sorts of interesting and unusual items in the market.
I went for a late lunch, and had no problem being seated.
Service was good, and the atmosphere was friendly.
I ordered the chicken shawarma plate with hummus, tabouli and garlic sauce.
The food portions were huge.
The hummus was good, but a bit too salty.
The chicken shawarma was nicely seasoned in general, but was all dark meat, which I don't care for.
Also, the garlic sauce was more like garlic mayonnaise, which I also dislike.
I came prepared for the more traditional blend of garlic, lemon juice and olive oil which is generally served at my favorite Lebanese restaurant in Minneapolis.
All in all, I was let down by my meal.
I will however be returning to the market again soon.
Well even though the staff was decently nice when my fiancé and I brought in his car to check why the AC was not working and have ONLY the ac checked we were told that the cabin air filter plus numerous other maintenance items needed to be done.
They said as soon as the cabin air filter was taken out the ac worked beautifully!
So great you found nothing wrong with the ac just do the filter and other things!
Well less than 24 hours later low and behold the ac started to malfunction... Again!
We take it back to check it again and get told they never checked the rest of the ac system and now we have to buy a $300 blower motor and that is before labor!
We had spent every penny we had already on the other work because we trusted that the tech did his job.
Boy were we wrong.
Now here we are an uber driver who now can't work because it's 115 degrees out and his ac only works sometimes.
How do we pay our bills?
No help, no caring, no claimed responsibility on their part and we are left with nothing.
Thanks for destroying us!
Hit this place on a Sunday evening right after the Super Bowl, needed something quick to take to the hotel.
As always, Chipotle did not let us down.
Clean place, friendly staff and fresh chicken bowls.
Perfect.
Went in for an estimate to add Bluetooth phone capability.
They told me I had an amplifier with optical cables - WRONG.
They told me I had to replace all my speakers - WRONG AGAIN.
Estimate came to $900.
Went to Soundwerks and Sun Valley Stereo.
The Soundwerks guy actually spent the time to remove my stereo to see what I actually had.
Both estimated around $600.
Went for the 1st.time to CPK on the advice of a friend, there were 8 in our party.
We were seated at a table that was made for 6, kinda cramped for space,we endured because they said the wait for a bigger table would be 20 min.
Although there were 2 areas  bigger than where we sat that were empty.
Now when your waitress finally shows for drinks (about 5 min) and the first words out of her mouth are.
"They must think I'm  wonder woman, I already have a table of 7 and a table of 12".
Translated= hey guys, your service is gonna suck but that's not my fault.
And it did!!!!
My wife and I split the pepperoni, sasuage and mushroom pizza, obviously  'shrooms are the cheapest ingredient cause that's about all we could find.
Pizza was bland, 'shrooms  overpowering and service sacked.
If that's what your looking for in a dining experience, then this is the restaurant and location for you.
If not  STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!
I grew up going to this hotel and wanted to try and start the same tradition with my family and son.
Boy oh boy has this hotel gone downhill....was so disappointed.
There were many problems:

1.)
Check in took 2 effing hours, we didn't get into our room until 2 am
2.)
Be careful, you don't want to sleep on the side where the Cromwell hotel is...their rooftop club will keep you up all night long :(
3.)
This hotel is no longer family friendly, it's more fitted for 21 year olds.
4.)
Was super sad about their new Go Pool crap, use to be open to all guests, now only 21 and over and more of a club now with super loud, annoying music
5.)
Families are now asked to be shoved into their tiny beach club pool, so ridiculous and insulting for families.
6.)
DO NOT try to be in the lobby when the party pool closes at 7 pm...drunk people everywhere
7.)
The rooms are renovated,  but so ugly and they did a really bad job
8.)
Elevators are scary
9.)
The buffet used to be amazing...it's terrible now

I was very disappointed and sad that we will no longer be carrying on the family tradition at this hotel...can't believe I wasted money there.
I wouldn't even stay here if it was just my friends and I, terrible.
So mad my son had to endure this icky hotel.
The maple bacon donut might be the best donut I have ever had.
All of the donuts were super fresh and moist.
There was a big selections.
I will be back.
A lot of the 1 star reviews seem to be about the portion size of the meals and I have to agree.
But my main issue was the service.
When our server came to take our ordered I let her know I wanted a tempura roll and a bowl of the ramen and her response was "That's it?"
First of all, what would be the issue with ordering that for two people plus drinks.
I find it extremely rude to question the lack of portions for my order.
There is a warning about the volume and the vibe of the restaurant before being seated.
My boyfriend and I thought there would be loud music but the restaurant MC was more annoying than entertaining.
I would definitely not go back.
It was a very interesting place.
Prices wise I rather go to Popeyes or Canes.
What got me was the hair in my over priced chicken tenders.
The fries were eh and the roll wasn't really rolling with me.
Save sometime and just go to Chick-fil-a or McDonalds.
Culligan Total Water Treatment Systems is really a great company to work with and I love their service!
We have one of their products at work (a counter-top, plumbed water cooler) that was having some issues.
I called in and spoke to the nicest gentleman who was able to get me through to who I needed to talk to, and then Reed was able to get a tech out the very same day.
That's almost unheard of!
The tech who showed up was very friendly and knowledgeable and was able to get our older machine swapped out quickly.
I was very impressed at how efficient he was.
The service is great.
The product is great.
And the price is great!
No complaints.
Definitely recommend!
I didn't try more than 1 drink but was happy with it.
Had s licorice stick.
Super yummy.
I like Church's better than other fast chicken places, but this location is horrible.
The first time I went, I waited in the drive through almost 40min.
By the time I got to the window, they were out of the food I ordered.
I waited a year before trying again.
Second time I waited almost 20min in the drive through.
The chicken sandwich was not good at all.
Won't be back.
Great drinks, friendly staff.
Menu is very pork oriented (a major plus).
Everyone at my table was very pleased with their main courses, but the bacon and cheese biscuits were dry.
Overall, great place and I will return.
Scheduling was a breeze- I called on a Wednesday afternoon and was able to book services for Thursday without issue.
Every treatment was top quality (mani/pedi, massage, facial).
Only wish I had more time in between services to use the steam room.
Highly recommended, will visit again.
I would not recommend this place.
We went on 7/2/16.
First the chips were stale and the salsa had no flavor, watery.
My husbands Michelada was not cold, he had to ask for ice.
His fish ceviche was boiled instead of cooked in lime and his tostada was warm not cold.
He ordered shrimp and octupus cocktail they gave him shrimp and oysters, it also smelled bad.
My mexican plate was also not good.
The beans had no flavor, the enchilada & chile relleno were not good.
I was only able to eat half.
My sons fries were over priced.
The floor was dirty, at the entrance, that should of been our first clue.
We went because we heard promo on spanish radio.
Thought it would be good.
This is my first review and for the first time we wished we would have asked for our money back.
We are definitely not going back.
Horrible customer service.
I have gotten food from here a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but I was wrong to hope for that.
I once called and they answered "Hold on" and just put the phone down.
After waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up.
I called back again and they answered "Hold on" again.
I waited for 5 minutes before they took my order.
I asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says "Well what do you want to know specials on?"
In a kind of sarcastic tone.
We've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead.
This has happened multiple times.
When going back they did not even apologize and  they just took the wings back and made us wait for the chicken tenders to be made.
Horrible customer service.
The food here is WAY OVER PRICED.
The pizza is mediocre.
They may use "fresh ingredients" but really the crust is the best part of the pizza.
Maybe I would have thought the food was better if I received better service.
If you want WAYYYY better NY pizza go to rockos pizza.
Way better prices, extremely friendly service, way better EVERYTHING.
Food is yummy, hot pots are affordable.
Only complaint is the long wait for service and food, but the food is good enough to keep me coming back!
I have stopped in at La Plaza twice now in the last two weeks.
Once on a whim (based on a glowing yelp review) and once more on a mission.
Both times I left happy and excited to return.
La Plaza stocks most of the general staples you'd need from most groceries, though obviously there is a strong lean toward mexican, Central, and South American goods.
Especially delightful to me is the meat counter with not only fresh chorizo, but also fresh chincharrones (PORK RINDS!)
by the pound.
The fresh guacamole, salsa, and pico de gallo (also available  at the meat counter) are all superb, however there is only one heat rating for both the salsa and pico.
You get what you get, and you'll like it, gringo/a.
The produce section has lots of items that would be hard to track down elsewhere, as well as reasonable to great prices on other more common items.
On both visits the staff has been very friendly and helpful, and strongly urge others to visit and support them.
As an added bonus they do have a taco cart, but it wasn't open one either of my visits.
I guess I'll just have to go back...
Absolutely delicious!
There is one in Los Angeles and it's super popular.
Always line up :) I'm glad there is one in Vegas now.
Check it out people you won't be disappoint!
Unique atmosphere.
Pleasant barista.
The espresso blend was delicious.
I really enjoyed it and I would come back.
Called in because we were having an issue with our touch panel, they said it was due to a factory recall and they came out wihtin a week to replace!
Wow that is service, Juan was the install guy again and he was perfect!
Very polite and quick which is what I needed for my busy schedule!
Thank you for everything and having good service!
!
Stayed outside by the Strip and people-watched.
Guessing where everyone is from and if it's their first  right time in Vegas is relaxing and entertaining somehow.
Had a few drinks right under the heater, it was pretty chilly outside.
They have different options for food, Mexican style mostly, nice loud music and all kinds of characters.
Great spot to watch the Bellagio water show.
Clean, nice and friendly with reasonable prices.
Had a relaxing and beautiful pedicure, thank you!
Correct and ok But often packed and they were out of small tapioca at 10 pm on a Sat.
night .
'stick to what You know rather than trying the house Suggestions as some really tasTe weird.
Setting is nice and more Comfy than the basic bubble tea houses.
My wife is gluten and dairy free so this place was perfect.
She had plenty of options for her.
There was also several option for me that included a lot of meat and vegetables.
Food came out very quickly as well.
Overall a great experience.
A quick lunch 
Noticed BBQ with good ratings nearby so felt the need...haven't had decent BBQ in awhile.
Service was great 
Small dining area (or felt small during lunch lol)
Had the 2 meat meal.
Brisket was delicious with good flavor
Turkey was moist with good flavor (seldom can I find decent smoked turkey, a real treat)
Mac n cheese was very good 
Beans were quite bland in my opinion.
The little cornbread things (mini muffins) were dry but good flavor 

Nothing needed sauce.. to me that's a good sign.
(Sauce is available )

Big disappointment was the side cups and soda cups..styrofoam!
Better options out there.
We love going to this place!
Never have a bad meal.
Busy on weekends but worth wait.
Staff is friendly and food comes quickly.
My favs are the pumpkin pancakes and Mediterranean omelet.
Kid friendly too.
Beats any of the other breakfast places around here!
Thanks so much for coaching my son and his mixed hair big curled coarse hair!!
You are appreciated!
!
A good option for a quick and inexpensive meal.
I had the chicken teriyaki and spicy chicken plate.
It was a lot of food and came with veggies and brown rice.
I signed up for their special offers club, so hoping to see some deals soon that will get me back here!
I would highly recommend checking it out for a simple and cheap meal.
My number one go to place for Chinese food!
I don't go anywhere else!
You're always greeted with a friendly smile and they make an effort to talk to you and converse with you.
The food is delicious and reasonably priced and the establishment is always so clean and smells fresh.
Highly recommend this place and I will always keep coming back!
Nice new spot to eat and drink in Verdun!
Great drinks (pomme sweet pomme is delicious, had to order more than one!)
And great comfort food.
Nice veal poutine, and the chicken and waffles were tasty too!
Been back twice since it opened, would totally recommend!
There is a large dine-in area that is child friendly with arcade games.
The pretezel bites were awesome, hot and soft.
The seafood salad was fair.
The use imitation crab meat in a creamy base, similar to Neptune salad.
My husband enjoyed his pizza, but Angelos in Lakewood is still his favorite.
The lady at the counter who took our order was very friendly and helpful.
She explained the specials and talked to my husband about their Cruisin' nights.
The best chain burger you can get in the city.
I first ate at this chain a few years ago on a road trip to Florida and as I was sitting in the car eating my cheeseburger wrapped in tinfoil (commenting that maybe we shouldn't have each ordered a fries because they're HUGE) I complained that we needed this in Toronto.
Well now we do!
Haha, and unfortunately for my waistline it's uncomfortably close to my house, and just as good as it was in the states.
Not much was lost in the cross-border translation.
From the bright red and white self-congratulatory decor, to the awesome food and the giant bins of peanuts that fill the room and sate your appetite as you wait for your food: everything has come North.
The burgers are big (the standard burger is two patties) juicy and fresh.
I like to keep the toppings simple (ketchup, mustard, mayo, lettuce, pickles), but there's pretty much anything you could want to put on them on the menu.
The sesame seed bun does the job holding the messy burgers together and the processed cheese makes the burger creamy and adds just the right amount of flavour without taking away from the burger.
The fries are on par with the burger and as good as some chip truck fries:  big, fresh and crispy.
And, as mentioned above, unless your incredibly hungry a regular fries can serve 2 easily and a large more.
They actually measure out a heaping portion of fries and dump them in the bag loose to match the portion they give you in the container.
It's not cheap, you're looking at 25 dollars plus for two (share a fries and share a drink: there are free refills), but honestly it feels like you're easily getting your money's worth.
No other burger chain comes close.
So,if you are thinking of eating here but haven't gone to any one of the other acclaimed steakhouses in Las Vegas, I'd highly recommend you go elsewhere.
This place was a disappointment from beginning to end for us.
First thing you need to know is that if you look at the menu, the only place the word prime shows up is in the title.
The steaks are not prime.
And they definitely do not taste like prime steaks.
They may have prime steaks on the menu, but unless it specifically says it is, it ain't.
Secondly, the service here sucks.
No sugar coating here.
I don't want people to make the same mistake I made and eat here when there is definitely much better in this town.
Go elsewhere for good service, or at least average service.
Well, hopefully I've dissuaded you.
If not, or if you just like reading about poor dinners like watching a car accident, read on.
We ordered the crabcakes.
And this is where the problems started.
We dutifully split it in half as usual, I began eating and noted it was good, then I bit into a crab shell.
Wow, that hasn't happened to me at any decent restaurant and I've had my share of crabcakes.
Disappointed but willing to overlook this, I bit into another piece of shell.
I'm paying a pretty decent sum for a crabcake that isn't remarkable in any way, and I'm biting into shells?
Unbelievable.
Next up, the salads.
Except we didn't order salads.
They were for the table next to us.
With some horror I realized that our steaks and another table's salads were on the sam f-ing cart, but they served their salad first!
I don't think they do that kind of thing at a Black Angus, much less a restaurant that claims to be a top steakhouse.
Horrified but willing to ignore the two insults already suffered, we got our steaks and sides after a bit of a pause.
My steak was ok.  18 oz bone-in ribeye.
The sauces weren't special but I'm not much of a sauce guy.
However, if you are going to pride yourself on your sauces, it should generate some interest from me.
Sides were decent.
Truffled mash potatoes were creamy, creamed spinach was what I expected.
I didn't much enjoy the bread though.
I got a pretzel roll that was extremely salty.
And then the final insult.
We finished our steaks, and waited a long time for our waiter to come back, but we didn't see him again.
The second cleaned up and brought us out the dessert menu, but that took quite some time.
At this point I hadn't seen our waiter in so long I assumed he actually left.
I thought that was incredibly rude to do that without turning the table over to someone.
Why are we ordering dessert still?
I wanted to give this place a chance to right the wrongs.
After ordering the crepe suzette (17 layers!
), we waited a long time for our dessert.
A real long time.
And after finishing what I thought was a good dessert, we waited a long time for our check.
At this point our waiter returned!
We hadn't seen him since we ordered.
Apparently he had been taking care of another table.
He didn't tell us this, which would have alleviated a lot of the insult I felt by this time.
He cleared our dessert and we wanted no more of this restaurant.
It took a full 15 minutes for him to bring us our checks.
By this point we were angry.
We got here at about 6:45, and it was now 9:15.
So we spent an equal amount of time being seated, ordering and eating as we did waiting on our dessert and paying our check.
I won't be back here when there is so much better in town.
Amazing service!
I usually take my BMW 328 to another mechanic and pay over $100 for an oil change, here it was only $65.
I made an appointment 2 days before and were able to see me right on time.
They have a very comfortable waiting area and game room where I was able to catch up on some work while I waited.
Thanks for great service, I will be back!
This bakery was near our place in Montreal.
After checking out the review I decided to give this place a try.
Small mom and pop place, they seem to have a variety of bread (did not try).
I was A little disappointed at the almond croissant (flake of the croissant was hard and the feeling was very sweet and this was 9am), the cheese croissant was a little tastier.
I work right next to this place and I've been here a bunch of times so let me tell you what the deal is.
A lot of people complain about this place because they say "Ooh the cashier was unfriendly" or "Oh the food wasn't like an asian master would prepare" well no kidding you big drungus, it's because you're at Pei Wei and it's like a fast food place if you wanted authentic asian experiences you screwed up already.
Pei Wei is where you go if you want a bowl of noodles or rice and you want some stuff on top with a sauce.
Just order it and move down the line and if there's a table then sit at a table or maybe take it back to you office.
It's just food.
This location is pretty average in terms of speed and politeness, and the food seems to be cooked appropriately so what else do you want?
Here's my PRO TIP: When you go to the place where the drinks are right after you order, get a fortune cookie, but slip it into your pocket, then at the end of the meal, go back and say outloud "Oh man I am going to get a fortune cookie" so they don't think you're taking two and then swipe a second one and eat it there.
They've got the most delicious fortune cookies and even though the messages are usually something stupid about sports like "Oh you're gonna have a good sportsball game tomorrow" you can still enjoy the cookie, and you've already swiped a second one to enjoy later so you're the real winner - sportsball or not.
This was by far our best coffee experience in Vegas.
We just moved here a week ago and have been all of the top rated places.
The employees were great atmosphere good and the coffee was awesome.
My sister in law ordered a "golden milk" (?)
I think that is what it was called.
Super good too.
We will be back this week to try the food
We live across the street from here, so we get take out here about 3 times a month.
The prices are average, and the food is generally pretty good.
My only complaint as far as food quality is concerned is the hard tacos.
I'm a huge fan of shredded beef hard tacos.
I like the kind of tacos where they put the meat in the tortilla and then fry it to make the taco hard.
At Tacos And More, the hard tacos are the ready made taco shells like what you would expect from Taco Bell.
I guess doing it that way saves the cooks time.
Aside from the terrible taco shells, the rest of the food here is delicious.
I would recommend it for anyone not looking for hard tacos.
This is small quaint little place to get some tasty, but still very affordable pho.
The gentleman (and I'm assuming maybe the owner) who greets,seats, and takes our orders is very friendly, patient, and quick to make recommendations if you have any particular requests (as I heard him do when a lady seated nearby told him she was on a diet).
We usually stop in to get an order to-go and the service is always quick, with the food usually taking only about 5-10 minutes.My husband loves their iced coffee with condensed milk and I usually go for their Pho Ga, which is offered with their lunch special ($6.50 with a soda or tea included).
If you're ever craving some delicious pho, but are in a budget this is the place to go.
As a coffee shop, this place easily deserves five stars for overall consistency of excellent service and good food.
Always very prompt seating and the restaurant is very well staffed for efficient service.
The wait staff are always courteous and seem to like working there.
The quality food is above average for this class of restaurant.
Stopped in today for lunch and had really good grilled ham and cheese with fries.
Washed it down with iced tea.
Service was great.
The total bill came to $9.38 without tip.
A very well run restaurant.
I really like these new york style apartmwnrs and their great location nwar roosevelt row and a lot of other great restaurants and shops in down town phoenix.
So far my.one complaint is the garage door has been broken for 3 weeks.... hmmppph.
Good food, very solid.
Nice, dim interior would make for a great, cozy place to go in the winter.
Macrons are buttery and unique.
Not a great place from a parking stand point, but otherwise, very respectable indeed.
Cool little shop/common I meant to say comic shop for the nice mixture of statues and action figures and all is well.
Prices were very reasonable I'll check back here next time I'm in the area
I love their food, specially the duck skewers.
Their sashimi is probably one of the freshest I have tasted in Vegas.
Hirame is a must try I would say!
The only down side is that their drinks are pricey, but everything else is good!
Nice place but smaller and more intimate than Los Angeles location.
Our server Rickey was Great!
While I was marking my Toronto itinerary, Allan Gardens kept coming up on places to do.
Apparently this is Toronto's best kept secret and I could see why.
I've been to a lot of conservatories and this one is up there.
We were greeted by a staff member upon entering.
The place is breath taking as I stepped foot inside.
The dome glass ceiling brings so much sunlight into the place.
We followed the path, one room lead into another and another.
There is an outdoor vegetable garden, do not pick them!
There are 2 cool looking sculptures with plants growing all over them outside.
There's a small coy pond and another one filled with turtles.
It's very calming and relaxing in here, you forget the crazy hustle and bustle going on outside.
There are bathrooms here.
AG is open 365 days a year from 10am to 5pm and the best part it's FREE!
Beware of the all the homeless people hanging out in the park.
This was the worse experience I have ever had an urgent care facility.
The staff was subpar the doctor was rude, inconsiderate, and my discharge papers listed symptoms that were undescribed by me.
When I refused to sign the discharge papers I asked to speak with the physician.
The doctor begin to explain to me that I gave a vague description so he decided to list just something on my discharge papers and that it didn't matter what it said.
I explained to him that I felt uncomfortable signing my papers being that my symptoms though vague  they were given to him and the symptoms listed on the discharge papers had nothing to do with the way I felt and that I am concerned.
The doctor became angry and I rate telling me that I can go and see someone else but good luck with that!
I told him that I will be reporting him.
.., I am shocked at the type of treatment I have received here .
I will be making this less that acceptable treatment I have received at the Urgent Care Extra known by all.
The Doctor I saw today was Dr. Timothy Eichenlaub ( bald guy with bad teeth and an adittude to match).
ABSOLUTE WORST COMPANY.
If I had negative stars OH WOULD I USE THEM.
ALL I am trying to do is change my damn delivery address.
BUT NO apparently this is not allowed.
You have to call in and sit on hold FOR FOREVER.
I have called EVERY DAY FOR THE PAST TWO WEEKS and have gotten NO WHERE.
This is ridiculous.
I have emailed Customer Service every day and still have received nothing DESPITE the fact that their website says that in 24-48 hours someone will contact you.
This is complete bull.
Now I am trying to cancel my service but this is impossible as well.
WORST COMPANY EVER.
STEER CLEAR.
Delicious Italian food at a reasonable price.
Our waiter was a little sarcastic, but his so-so attitude was made up for by the quality of the food.
Recommended for casual, affordable (relatively speaking) Italian on the strip.
Ok, I hate to give a bad review on this one, due to them practically being in an empty plaza and I'm sure they could use all the business they can get, but I won't be coming back.
There are literally so many nail salons, that I feel like I should be completely satisfied or keep moving on in search of "my" nail place.
I got my nails painted with the gel nail paint, which is amazing in that it lasts over two weeks everytime I get it done.
It was $25, as well as, I always leave a $5 tip, unless the service was just ridiculously horrible, which hasn't happened to me yet, thank goodness.
The man who did my nails and I won't leave his name.
Well, he seemed depressed, like he'd rather be somewhere else.
At one point, he went back to get him a bottle of water, did not ask if I would have liked one and sat it down right in front of me and frankly, I would have accepted one, I was thirsty.
He did attempt some small talk, but I could tell, he really didn't want too.
I also attempted small talk, just to make the time go by faster, plus I do try to be polite whereever I am, Its just my nature.
I'm from the south.
Also, he was dressed rather shabbily, just not professional in my opinion.
He did get some of the clear coat on my skin above my nail, which has taken several hand washings to get off.
There's nothing absolutely wrong about the place, but neither is there anything absolutely right about the place, it was just "meh".
I want something better.
We went to tour the Stetson earlier today.
When we arrived we were told to wait 20-25 minutes for a tour because the ONE person working was assisting someone else.
Luckily after waiting a few minutes, the assistant manager showed up to help us.
We took a tour and the community seemed nice enough.
However, the assistant manager who was helping us was completely incompetent.
She did not know pricing or what was available for our time frame.
She also took us to see an apartment and then we found it was occupied so we couldn't even see it.
It looks terrible for the company that she was so incompetent and unaware of the community.
At the end of the tour, she told us that she didn't have anything available at the end of July when we wanted to move in.
We told her we would be in touch, and got up to leave.
She proceeded to do a hard sales pitch (probably because her boss was around the corner), and tried to get us not to leave.
We left with a bitter taste in our mouths.
We looked on their site later that evening and found that there were several apartments becoming available in mid to late July.
Guess we will take our business to one of the plenty other luxury apartments in old town.
I'm really pleased with this salon.
For the past few years, I've been trying to find a salon that will actually provide me with what I ask for and what looks best on me.
I tend to also look for inexpensive salons, which never really satisfy me, even if the prices were much more affordable in the end.
I went to Parlour for the first time last summer.
I booked it online (which is super convenient!)
and booked myself with Martha, as reviews stated she works really well with curly hair.
I showed her pictures of what I wanted and she did a great job!
She gave me a long bob that worked well with my wavy/curly hair.
I returned back in November to do more layers and to cut my bangs, and Martha did a great job once again.
Wanting to go blonde for the longest time, I booked an appointment with Aimee this past December.
I showed Aimee what I wanted, which was a blonde balayage, and she was really receptive to this and provided good feedback on what would work best with my hair.
My hair didn't turn out as blonde as I wanted because it would have been too damaging, but it did look good and very healthy!
We agreed to return in a few months to add more blonde highlights to it.
I returned today and she did a fantastic job.
It's the perfect shade of blonde mixed in with other shades, just what I wanted.
Based on my experiences, I've paid $60+ for my haircut and $175+ for my hair colour.
This is more than I've paid for in the past, but it's also very reasonable and well worth it.
The staff are not only talented but are incredibly nice and easy to talk to.
I know that I will for sure be a long time customer at this salon.
I don't have a lot to say about this pool hall as I was here for a birthday party and was socializing most of the time and not playing pool.
This venue lent itself perfectly for this type of occasion.
The food was fantastic and the service was great.
I did heard my husband make a comment that he'd played on better tables but all-in-all we had a great time here.
The hall is close to the subway which made it easy to get to... probably easier than trying to find parking around there.
I would definitely recommend this place for booking a party, you won't be disappointed.
Although I would highly discourage anyone from getting 'obliterated' and attempting to walk down the front stairs...
I wonder if that guy ever made it.
3.5 stars
I'm disappointed to see so many Yelpers give this place any more than one star.
I would take Panda Express any day over this joint.
I ordered to-go from their lunch menu: sweet and sour chicken with vegetable lo mein and rice ($8).
It took nearly 30 minutes for it to arrive so now I'm rushing back to my office to chow it down.
It's a good thing I didn't have to rush because the food was so bland I didn't even bother finishing it.
I should have known it was going to be gross when my server pulled the lo mein out of a giant rice steamer.
The noodles were not seasoned (btw- where were the vegetables in my vegetable lo mein?!)
and way over cook.
Maybe it was because the noodles have been sitting in the rice steamer all day!
The sweet and sour chicken was pretty much non-seasoned, chicken nuggets swimming in sweet and sour sauce.
There were some chunks of green peppers too but I couldn't get over the canned sweet and sour sauce that was infiltrating into my rice pile.
The best part of the meal were the fortune cookies.
Mine said-- Next time, drive a bit east and you will find Pei Wei... or maybe that Chicago Hamburger Company across the street will do too!
Don't waste your money folks.
Judging from the 4 people eating there during rush lunch hour, this place will be closed soon.
I believe the cover is $30 if you're on the list.
We had a table and the table staff was very friendly.
The club itself wasn't over crowded and the patio was great to chill at if needed.
The music was also a little lower in volume than most clubs so it's def more of a lounge feel.
I would come back here.
I have eaten here and in NYC a few times and it is delicious.
My recent visit to Vegas is what has brought my review stars down.
Went to the bar for a margarita.
The bar was mostly full, waited behind a woman who was buying 5 margarita's and she stood there sipping on one for some reason while her friends sat a table.
Luckily 3 seats became available at the other end and the 2 of us sat.
And waited and then waited some more.
The bartender on our side never once acknowledged us.
Not even a glance for almost 10 minutes.
She was getting a bottle of wine for man to take out somewhere.
Going into detail about how she could not give him the Mesa glasses.
I understand helping customers but sometimes a small glance to let one know you exist is all it takes for good service.I don't mind waiting but I do want to know we will be served at some point.
But after 10 minutes of sitting there when she only had the 2 of us, the wine customer who already had his wine and a single man who was already served well that is not acceptable so we left.
I am certain she did not notice or care but her attitude made me question another visit.
We found this place on yelp.
We were a little confused when we walked into a clothing store looking for restaurant.
The restaurant is in the back.
It is a really nice atmosphere with really fabulous wait staff.
We enjoyed all he appetizers and the recommendations for our lunch entrées were spot on.
They help you make the best choice by asking good questions and even brought us a free appetizer to sample.
It is a lovely place and I wish we had one in my hometown because when I return to Las Vegas I will be looking forward to going back to this one.
I purchased my first vehicle from Pinnacle Nissan.
My Nissan Juke was very good to me so I decided I want to stay with Nissan.
My first experience was great with the first vehicle.
I've been looking around at the new Nissan Murano.
I recently visited Avondale Nissan just to test drive and discuss costs.
The people there were very rude and turned me off on buying a new car any time soon.
The other day I received a personal text from Bryson asking if I was in the market to buy a new car, which I have been.
I told him what I wanted over text and about my Juke and finances.
He was able to write up a deal and call me with the info which made the process easy!
Saved so much time that could have been wasted at the dealership if the numbers didn't come out right.
And they got my interest rate at 3.24 when Avondale Nissan was trying to give me 7% which is higher than the rate of my first car when I had zero credit.
My credit  is in the 700's so there is no way I should have been ripped off at 7% like Avondale Nissan tried.
I was offered a trade in value of $9700 at the other dealership.
At pinnacle they gave me $12000 which significantly more and paid off my previous loan; even giving me some extra towards the price of my new Murano.
I was impressed by my experience.
John in financing was fantastic and very good at explaining the process.
Bryson was also very helpful in making the process as easy as possible.
I'm picky and the Murano i wanted wasn't available in Arizona so they found it in Nevada and had it shipped.
I was told about 4 days and put into a loaner Murano.
My new Murano came in a day in a half and is exactly what I wanted.
I appreciate the professionalism of the staff here.
They did a great job!
I just got my car back and I am over the moon happy with the results.
I had coffee, soda, and food stains throughout the interior.
Shadyside Detail got stains out from years ago that other detail shops could not.
The exterior looks so sleek!
Plus, the other shop charged more!
Shadyside Details prices are very reasonable especially since they have top of the line equipment like carpet extractors.It's expensive equipment and It's not unheard of to be charged a hundred dollars just for carpet extraction alone on top of interior detailing!
Finally, they are friendly and organized.
I would recommend them to anyone.
Using the groupon for $27 for one person to get two races and $48 for two persons to get two races was easy.
My first car was awesome and so is the curvy and perfectly banked course.
My second car had some issues but still managed to get me to speed and the three of us had a blast.
But do be prepared for a upper body workout while you are having a thrilling experience.
This experience is such a good deal, and the staff are very organized, helpful and polite.
I'm only interested in the skatepark.
Overcrowded with scooters and bikes.
So much so that people learn to be cooperative.
Push the button every 20 minutes after dark.
You will not like this park if you're a spoiled brat.
Every aspect that is good also has a drawback.
Lets also throw in some pebbles to keep you humble, assuming you are skateboarder.
i've had better.
it is really nothing special, but you could not tell that from how crowded the place got after i sat down in my booth.
the burgers were on the thin side, but the fries were really good.
i ended up eating all of my fries and my friend's when he wasn't looking.
i ordered a milkshake, but it really was not a milkshake at all.
it was a soft serve ice cream with hershey syrup frozen drink disguised as a milkshake.
how can you do that and call it a milkshake, i will never fully understand?
so either i was really hungry after spending the day at hoover dam or it was actually a decent meal.
i think i was just hungry.
the jury is still out on that one.
This place does an amazing job with Sns.
This was my 2nd time there.
I made an appointment the first time and was taken back at my appointment time.
This last time I made an appointment and was seen 30 minutes after my scheduled appointment.
I was a little irritated.
I was there for a total of 2 hours; however, I would go back because I love the quality of work.
Delicious food, great atmosphere and wonderful service.
Nice options for vegans/vegetarians, including an incredible coconut tapioca pudding for dessert!
Special shout out to our server, Alicia, who was friendly and efficient.
If you are looking for decadence, Juliette's is your place.
Don't think about calories as you'll not be able to try any of their delectable treats.
Think about decadence and you are off and running.
We had a mix of offerings and they were all fantastic.
From the made-t-order dipped homemade ice cream bar (caramel sea salt ice cream dipped in dark chocolate with orange rind chucks) or the lava cake that oozes goodness.
The lava cake has a side of ice cream with hot salted caramel sauce.
It was all soooo good!
For an added bonus the cappuccino was huge, the milk light and frothy.
Soooo good.
Oh yum.
I was driving around with my little guy asleep in the car, new to Downtown Phoenix and hungry.
The friendly food truck person waved with a sign as I passed and I quickly made a loop around to see what they had to eat.
Purchased a catfish burrito and the only thing that bothered me about it was that I wish I had 3 other people to share it with because it was huge.
I got through half of it and was beyond finished.
Delicious stuff and friendly people.
Good street marketing.
Ugh!
From hostess, to 15 minutes for a waiter, to mediocre at best food (flautas were blandly acceptable).
Don't waste your time or money.
We opted to stop by for a sangria and glass of wine and I think we wished we ate here.
They have a beautiful street side patio (on a side street, so less traffic) and good service.
The inside is pretty hip looking - dark walls/floors and red decor.
I can't rate the food, but we enjoyed our happy hour cocktail enough to consider giving this place a try next time we are in town.
Pork bone soup seemed to be the specialty here but I wanted to try something different so went for that sweet/spicy noodle dish with squid (cant remember the name!
grrr...) and some chicken bulgogi.
I was not disappointed with my choice and was quite happy to try something so interesting and tasty.
With the Korean staff, customers, and kpop shows on tv, I have to deduce that they serve pretty authentic Korean cuisine.
t I actually found the non stop boy and girl band performances quite entertaining making my meal a memorable one.
Prices are pretty standard.
around 10 bucks average per dish and you have the option to get bigger orders that serve 2-3 for $20.
Not a bad deal at all.
I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants Korean food.
Awesome location, beautiful room, and jets in the tub!
The staff is very friendly.
Free Wi-Fi.
The only con was that when I stayed there was a LOT of construction in the neighborhood.
I really can't add too much to the other reviews here - I highly recommend it for a romantic getaway to Montreal!
Normally I wouldn't write a review on a sandwich shop but the group of people working here deserve recognition.
Always friendly, clean and consistent.
Some of the best sandwiches I've had and they got eegees which is a plus!
I don't think there's ever a great time to take your car to get it fixed, but I will admit this was pleasantly seamless.
I felt compelled to write a great review because looking at some of these posts I get the impression a few people may not have been to some of the other places in town.
I'm a bit old fashioned when it comes to my vehicles and only use dealer parts.
My service adviser Sean was helpful and explained the entire process thoroughly.
Took a tad longer than I wanted to wait, but just as soon as I'm writing this my service adviser is bringing my keys.
Best Creme brûlée in charlotte!
I have tried almost everything at this wonderful place and nothing has ever disappointed.
Wait wasn't bad considering the huge crowd of people outside the place.
The food came out quickly and my husband and I loved both our plates.
The French toast was bomb.com and he got the breakfast special.
Servers were nice.
My first time there, and an annual trip for hubby(spring training) Will be back next time I'm in the area!
!
First I know lots of people do pools around Vegas but we search all around town for a pool builder we met with about 6 different builders.
Keep in mind we went to California Pools first waited a year and realized that Danny was our guy from the moment we met him it was top costumer service first and that's what brought us back everyone else just wanted our Money.
At California pool there are no pushy sales talk Danny just wanted to make sure that we are happy with our choose.
My neighbors are putting in a pool and started 7 weeks before us and we are already done.
So not only quality pool but it was fast.
Only took 7 weeks from when they broke ground.
Keith was our on site manager and he was awesome very communicative on what's going on what's coming up next.
I would recommend CALIFORNIA POOLS do t go anywhere else they are professional at what they do.
Don't fall for a company who does Landscapping and think they can do pools we almost did that and thank god we didn't.
Thank you to all the California Pool people and Danny and Keith for all you help!
Why don't more people hang out here?
I'm yelping as I'm sitting by the DJ booth.
Love the vibe, the music, but I wish at least few folks would groove on the "dance floor".
This is a really good soul spot if you just want to do a couple of two steps and do a few spins.
I will for sure be back.
Great beer, good food, but don't come hungry, you'll be disappointed.
I ordered what I thought was a burger and assumed fries would come with it, but instead I got 3 sliders, and that's it.
Five dispatches were sent for me and none arrive.
Confronted one cab driver who turned out to be nice.
Told me that all the drivers had been told not to go to Oakland because the congestion was terrible.
She surmised that they were deliberately ignoring the call.
It turned out to be a ten minute trip and she received a nine dollar tip.
Dispatchers began hanging up on me.
I was lied to several times - told that you couldn't books fares online anymore and etc.
Very disreputable company with sleazy and amoral employees.
Update July, 2018: why is Uber under attack?
This is a perfect example of why I avoid cab companies.
After multiple return visits, and money spread about (3) three different tire and custom wheel shops..... none could take care of the tire shaking problem.
There fancy rode force balance and inexperienced discount staff drove me crazy.
We have all been to similar shops.
I was all about to give up when this week while having work done by Aloha Automotive, I mentioned my frustration and expense $200+ to remedy very bad rear tire shake at 60-65mph.
Aloha Body shop manager mention HubCap Annie fixed his daughters bent wheel and re-balanced for a very reasonable price.
He said that's where I would go, they are a honest shop.
Since a whole heartedly trust Jason the owner of Aloha for my auto repairs, I welcomed the referral from his staff.
This morning, I was greeted by Terry at HC Annie's who listened to my concerns and offered to take a look at the problem.
Terry personally removed both rear tires and quickly identified one tire was indeed off balanced.
Terry fixed the issues and sent me down the road.
The car rode smoothly down the road at all speeds without issue after 2 months of frustration.
HubCap Annie's fixed what 2 national box store tire shops and 1custom wheel & tire could not do...... Balance a tire properly.
Mind you while completing my balance Terry was interrupted by a man looking for a used tire.
Without skipping a beat, Terry continued my install while addressing the gentle men's question and showed real compassion for the mans plight.
Unfortunately, we just don't see that anymore in business, you all know that's it's sadly becoming a rare occurrence.
Whomever hired Terry, you have a great employee who understands the true meaning of helping people while helping your business.
Terry has earned my trust, therefore so has HubCap Annie's.
Thank you for making my day.
I have been a petsmart customer for years.
Even make a donation to their charity every time I shop there.
Tonight's treatment by Chris and the cashier was unaccepptable.
I was trying out different brands of dog kibble.
Bought a high quality brand  a couple weeks ago.
My dogs wouldn't eat it.
Exchanged that for two different brands a week ago (Purina beyond and Hills diet).
My dogs wouldn't go near the food.
The Hills brand smelled awful.
So I went to return the food.
I walked in.
Saw only one receipt was in the bag.
I went to my vehicle to find the other one.
When I came back, Chris is standing a few feet away from the register holding my receipt watching for me.
I asked if there was a problem.
His reply "well yeah."
He begins questioning me why I am returning the merchandise and mentions I seem to be continuously returning items.
His question felt like he was interrogating me.
I immediately took offense to his attitude and demeanor towards me.
I said, my dogs wouldn't eat either one and one brand smells horrible.
And proceeded to say I only returned one bag of food previously.
Never returned any items prior to that.
The prior cashier who helped me last time let me know food items can be returned if the dogs won't eat the food.
Chris continued his line of questioning asking me what am I feeding the dogs now.
Am I exchanging for another bag.
I answered his questions and I shouldn't have had to.
It's none of his business what I feed them now.
And I do not want another bag.
I'm upset.
Frustrated by his actions and I rightfully tell him so.
Telling him how I feel he is making me feel.
I grabbed my receipt from him which he was holding onto tightly showing I am not liking his service.
handed it back to the cashier and Chris continues to tell me, he is allowing the return.
Absolutely right he is.
Their no hassle free return policy was a huge hassle.
I'm clearly unhappy and Chris continues to be a condescending on purpose by asking if there anything more he could do for me.
I responded with after they way he treated me, I'm going to ask him for help.
He continued his belligerent responces in which I told him to stop.
How dare he treat me with such disrespect.
As I'm walking out the store he continued to berate me with have a nice day.
That is unprofessional.
Awful customer service.
Petsmart has lost my business for good.
My treatment doesn't end with this review.
I will be following up with the store manager and their head quarters.
Girls were pretty.
Food was good.
Nothing special.
Had the original wings and fried pickles.
5 stars for Karissa!
And also a big plus for the cute shop she's in!
Cute set up and great vibes with a bunch of fun upbeat workers who (who can totally tell) love what they do!
Before going to her I did a lot of research on hair stylists for the best quality and of course, price.
Having such long thick hair I had to make sure I chose someone who I can trust and who does GREAT work for a reasonable price and I found Karissa!!!!!
I showed her the picture of the hair I wanted and the goals to where i eventually want my hair to get.
I knew she was going to get me to my goals based off the work I seen on her Instagram @karissacutshair.
My hair is naturally dark so I know it's going to take sessions to get to my hair goal and for my first session she already got me super light and my hair still feels super healthy!
We still have a few sessions to go to get to my goals but I am already in love with this first session so I can only imagine how the end results are gonna be!
I will NEVER go to another hair stylist after this.
And I will continue to refer people to her.
Thanks Karissa!
Wow.
Using the overused term "hidden gem" really doesn't do Alexander Michael's proper justice.
This place is so tucked within Fourth Ward, you most likely wouldn't notice it even if you were to traipse the entire neighborhood.
Which, in my opinion, really makes this place shine.
There's no grandiose entry way or signage laid out in lights.
Just an old house on the corner of 9th with low lighting and a cozy interior.
HINT: If you've never been here, I'd recommend cutting all the way over to Graham St and then turning onto 9th.
You can't turn down 9th from Tryon, as 9th is split into two sections and you won't be able to drive direct.
Also, parking is sparse.
Find a place around the neighborhood and walk a few blocks.
There is plenty of residential 2hr parking on the streets.
Sat at the bar and loved every creek and crack of the old floors and pillars.
It's kind of tight quarters, but it gives it a cool pub feel.
The taps coming directly out of the old cabinet style system is just gorgeous.
Tons of local brews and some other fine beer choices were available.
Didn't indulge as it was a 1pm lunch.
I ended up order the london broil sandwich.
Goodness gracious I'm glad I did, too.
It was just right for lunch and paired with the pasta salad, you can't go wrong.
Service is so friendly here.
You really get the feeling that these people have been at it for a long time and keep it old school.
If you haven't been or are on the fence, I highly recommend.
Definitely one of the Uptown staples.
Love love love Kelly's!
I just discovered this spot while I was doing The Taste of Scottsdale tour.
We stopped there for dessert.
The restaurant gives you the feel of an elegant Irish pub.
They have a pool table, dart board, putting green and HUGE patio!
In the past, I always thought of Kelly's as a bar or late night hang out (which is not really my thing) but I was very wrong!
Their menu looked amazing!
They have an "award winning" four cut burger--which I will try next time!
Dessert was delish!
We had the doughnut holes and Kelly's twinkie.
Both were excellent!
I was most impressed with the service!
We were greeted right away.
While we were eating our dessert both a manager and the chef stopped by to check on us.
I was most impressed that the chef and manager cared so much about our experience!
A+ service!
I'm glad I found this new gem in Old Town Scottsdale!
I can't wait to go back to Kelly's!
I went to the opening last evening and it was AWESOME!
The owners are great and the food is wonderful as always.
The restaurant is beautiful inside and I can't wait to go back soon and often!
Please check it out and tell them that I sent you!
I am so excited that The Melting Pot is finally in Huntersville!
This place is awesome!!
The atmosphere is very cozy and if you are a veteran you whole meal is free!
I've been in the military for almost 4 years and have never been to a place that has offered something like that to veterans.
It was a pleasant surprise.
The staff is very nice and the food is great!!
Definitely worth the stop!
!
My only gripe was not the food at all but the amount of the food has decreased over the years since i first started going there.
On the dish is use to be alot of food but the last few times i been there its very little and was ready to eat again in less then an hour later.
Slim pickings at this buffet.
Half filled containers of cold food.
The food was a little better when they finally refilled.
The shrimp and hot and sour soup were good.
The deep fried stuff was mostly bread with a little piece of meat.
The salad was basic, lettuce only and maybe a carrot or two.
Wasn't really worth the $6.99.
Rather pay a bit more for something edible.
We won't be back.
It's ok.
Customer service lacking.
Not the "fun" experience its made out to be.
It's a $5 ice cream sandwich.
Definitely not worth the trip.
I visited this restaurant last time in 2015 and gave low rating then.
Two days ago while we stayed at Caesars Palace, my friend insisted to have some to-go order of Chinese food within the hotel despite my objection.
So, we went.
We ordered a BBQ Platter ($29.99), a Pork Ribs in Sweet Vinegar Sauce ($19.99), and one order of custard bun - Egg Yolk Quicksand as they called it ($6.99).
In total, we paid over $60 for these three items.
I was astonished to see the BBB Platter when we got back to the room and opened the box.
This platter was about half the size of the same dish I ordered once there two years ago.
In the combination platter, there were three kinds of meat - 4 very small pieces of Poached chicken, 4 very small pieces of Roast Duck and BBB Pork.
I almost couldn't believe they were serving so few pieces of so tiny size at such quite high price.
As to the BBB Pork, it was chopped (not slicked) into pieces about 5 times thicker than normal sliced BBQ Pork served at most other restaurants.
Their poor and tacky knife cut made the BBQ Pork look as dull as a portion of pig's frozen dead body, totally unappetizing and iffy.
I was wondering how they could charge $30 for a small box of food with quality level lower than that of a food court vendor.
I must give a low rating to this restaurant again.
I am a Chinese and I know how good Chinese food should look and should be prepared.
They still don't think they should upgrade, instead they shrink the portion and size of the food and raise the prices with no business ethics at all.
Doesn't Caesars Palace feel ashamed to allow such a low-end place sitting there to fool and rip off non-Chinese tourists and suckers?
After this bad experience, I checked again their recent ratings on Yelp and found they've got more and more poor ratings.
They deserve for what they are doing, and I believe if they continue doing so, they won't stay there too long.
This a very SMALL museum and at $8 A head which includes anyone over 2 years old, My wife and did not think it was very good value for the money spent.
With my wife daughter and granddaughter plus tax it was almost $35 for the four of us and it took maybe 30 minutes to go through.
At the end I said "Is that all????"
expecting more but it ended quickly even going out doors and walking the nature trail down to "Fort Wild" an outdoor play area.
Now I wasn't expecting The Museum Of Natural History in Raleigh, and we did enjoy some of the exhibits, but at  $8 a head plus tax we were expecting way more than what we got.
After our granddaughter finished playing outside, we went back through again to feel like we at least gotten a little more for our money.
If your trying to find an activity with the kids to beat the heat this summer, this place won't give you a very big bang for your buck.
Also with it as small as it is, we had several summer camps coming through with small children and it was getting way to loud in there, so thank goodness we were leaving.
As most reviewers have said, save your money and go next door to Freedom Park, Its free!
Two visits in one for us, first and last!
This is the best!
Just got a pedicure, usually my feet end up sore after a pedicure, but she was gentle on my feet.
So nice and easy going.
The price was very comparable to other places I've been.
I absolutely recommend this place to anyone!
Wow!
Decided to check this place out tonight.
It was popping!!!
Drinks looking great.
Bartenders were hustling and killing it.
Servers were professional looking and great , speedy service.
The food ?!!
Wow!!!!
Even the managers were walking around making sure all was well and one stopped too say hi and he was very nice.
I will be back.
Great job!
!
I'm over 30 years old and I'm a big girl.
You can just imagine how many buffets I have eaten at.
I have NEVER been charged for not finishing our food.
I can understand if it was a whole roll of sushi, or if it was self served.
Nope.
The food was served to us, not knowing the size of the portions.
We couldn't finish the plain noodles (no meat, no veggies) and fried rice that we ordered because we thought, being carbs, it would be smaller portions.
Nope again!
Then BAM!
They charged us for NOT FINISHING our noodles and rice.
Wow.
Not coming back here.
I'd rather go and drive an extra 10 mins to Oyshi or Goyemon after this!
!
Absolutely terrible service.
Ordered take out, showed up at the time they told us it would be ready.
Sat at the bar for 20 minutes without a server or bartender asking us if we wanted a drink or talking to us at all.
Over an hour after our food was supposed to be ready, the guy, supposedly the owner, comes up and hands us the bill.
It was very overpriced.
He didn't apologize and didn't explain why it took almost TWO HOURS to make 4 people's take out Chinese food.
The food was also terrible quality.
On a scale of 1-10, 10 being the best, I'd give it a three at most.
I had beef chop suey that had very little flavor, and my brothers both had chicken chow mein that had almost no noodles in them.
The staff was inconsiderate and there was no excuse for their tardiness, as there was maybe 5 other patrons in the restaurant.
There are many other good Chinese/Asian restaurants in the area, and needless to say, I will not be coming here again.
Tried this place on our way back from the CAK airport.
Craving Mexican and yelp had pretty good reviews, so why not?
Obviously love the chips and salsa after being seated!
I ordered the carnitas tacos with salsa and onions and cilantro.
The tacos are doubled wrapped and stuffed with meat!
I turned one taco into two and couldn't even start on the second two.
My mom ordered the same thing and was able to finish two.
I took home three of the tacos and had lunch for 3 days!
Also enjoyed the fried beans!
My dad ordered one of the soups and really enjoyed it.
My husband loved his dish with rice, cheese, and chicken - he's a little more basic with his Mexican food.
Not fancy decor-wise, but the service was great, it wasn't overly crowded and there were VEGETARIAN options.
Hurrah!
:)
Chips and salsa sub par.
Cheap tequila in the margarita.
Green chile enchiladas were saucy and too tangy, without any real definition between ingredients.
Atmosphere open in a bad way--one big room with a bunch of tables.
Overall, dive quality food at Scottsdale prices.
Will not return.
So excited to find this little gem!
Right by my work and I am so excited!
Friendly, fast service, clean establishment, and the food is great too.
I will be back!
Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place!
By far the BEST chicken quesadilla and chips I've ever tasted!
Started our trip in Vegas here and ending it here
This hot and ready pizza was definitely not the greatest.
The pepperoni is clustered around the center.
The sauce has a spicy kick to it, and neither my children not myself liked it.
The crazy bread is tasty though.
Food is good but they dont let you mix match like bdubs ...
So for that u get two stars bruh
if i could give them zero stars i absolutely would.
i closed my personal and business accounts after 13 years   Bad service.
Understaffed.
Sad to see a formerly good bank in decline.
Stay away from here unless you enjoy long wait times  corporate red tape and frustration.
Last and final visit i wanted to get 1000 cash and there was one clerk.
1 person in line ahead of me and it took 23 minutes.
ridiculous   Bofa.
you need help.
fast.
Update: wasn't surprised to see CLE ranked dead last among medium sized airports in North America!
I got a glimpse of the outside renovations/entrance and it looks good.
Now just fix the shitty airport operations....

------------------------------------------

Hopefully the airport completes its rehab quickly...
The check in area is in disarray... People walking all over the place with no clear indication/signs for where each airline ticketing location is...
I agree construction can be a disruption but clear signage and airport staff guiding passengers will be helpful.
Just a note: I have been flying out of CLE on a weekly basis for the past 2 months...

To add to the chaos, TSA at CLE is the worst (not that they are good anywhere but you can't get through security in less than 30 mins).
One Sunday evening the security line was all the way to the other end of the airport, and guess what there were 3 TSA Pre agents and no one for the regular line???
What were they thinking...

Once you clear security check, the boarding area is clean and organized.
Airline and restaurant staff are helpful and there are multiple flights leaving to all major hubs.
There is a Starbucks right after clearing security and the line moves quick.
They are open early am (5:30am) so you can get your fix.
When landing, I recommend using the departures/ticketing level to exit as the arrivals level can get crowded pretty quick.
I love these girls.
I have two schnauzers, Sasha and Corleone but Corleone is a very nervous guy.
This is the only place where he will actually leave unstressed.
We have been here and there trying to find the right groomer for him and this is it.
My two pups come in and out without any issues.
Thank you girls!
(I promise to take names down next time)
My favorite steak house ever.
All guy waitors... i feel like a queen when i dine there.
Top notch service.
If pretentiousness had a capital, this place would be it.
Went there with family to go hang out.
Apparently, there's a dress code there which prohibits Nike Shox.
According to the bouncer, they are trying to foster a business casual dress code.
Ok, fine.
More on this later.
Luckily, I live close by and grab some nicer shoes and it met the bouncer's approval.
Unfortunately, he didn't mention the cover charge, which took me by surprise when the cashier told me to fork it over.
Even though it was $10 for locals, who ever heard of charging people to get into a bar?
Whatever.
I pay my way in and met up with the gang.
Service was slow, music was way too loud and for $8 for a domestic beer did not impress me.
Remember that policy about the business casual dress code?
Funny thing about that.
As I was out on the patio, I happen to spot a guy in shorts and tennis shoes wandering abouts.
Selective enforcement perhaps?
In short, it's over rated and overpriced!
Paris 66 is one of those places you hear a lot of buzz about and are dying to go to.
One of those places you EXPECT will be incredible!
This was a sorta mediocre experience....but I do expect more from this place.
It was totally my fault that I set up a breakfast meet up at 10a and a lunch meet up at noon.
I'm either looking to gain 1000 lbs or am busy.
I'll take the busy option.
So since i was stuffed from an incredible waffle from Sugar Cafe I decided to get my fav salad of the moment, a beet salad.
It was a pretty big disappointment.
I'd say it was MAYBE 1/3 a beat with TINY little cubes of beets, lettuce leaves and blue cheese.
Blue Cheese with beats?
No feta, really?!
Ok, I'm looking too much into this beet salad, but for realz, it was sorta lame.
Our server was OK, but sorta seemed like she wasn't into serving that day.
She kept forgetting to bring my friend her drink and she just seemed pretty lackadaisical.
No big thang I guess, I served and I was horrible!!
The outdoor patio was also really cute.
I was actually really into the whoel feel of the place, inside and out.
Very romantic in and very casual and comfy outside.
Service was pretty slow too.
ALTHOUGH, what I will say in their defense is it looks like they only have two small grills in the front to make the crepes (which my two friends got) so I can see why it would take a while.
I did get a small bit of my friends crepe and it was awesome!
I will come back because I feel like I didn't get into the really good stuff on the menu....but I'm not sure what kind of service I'll receive and I definitely will go back expecting slow service at the very least.
So remember you'll need a good hour and a half at least for lunch, perhaps more for dinner.
FOOD:  overall tasty and fresh with most of the basic side dishes as standard.
SERVICE:  is friendly and professional.
They check in fairly regularly and are responsive to requests.
This surely isn't artisan gelato, but it's tasty and the price is fair.
You can get a large cup with three flavors for under $5, which is pretty reasonable.
Their selection sets them apart.
They have some really interesting flavors, and change up the rotation often.
For those who have only experienced gelato at places such at this, I only wish you could have tried Arlecchino Gelateria before it closed down.
That was the real deal.
I went here today, Wednesday for lunch.
I sat inside.
It was busy but not too crowded.
I ordered a burger with American cheese, fries and a strawberry banana shake.
My order came to around $9.
The burger was just regular , nothing special.
In fact the burger was fairly slim although it did cover the whole bun.
I like my burgers a little thicker.
The fries were thick but tasted just plain.
Not as good as McDonalds fries, but they were edible.
The milkshake however was outstanding.
It was thick and creamy and had real strawberry bits in it.
Oh my gawd, it was delicious, I was slurping on it till the end and still tried to get every last drop when it was over.
This place was A-OK
Download the free app "Skate Universe" to earn up to 1000 free tickets sent instantly to your email.
Its works, and its much faster to get then playing games lol
Love!!
The yogurt is so so yummy and the employees are friendly and fun.
I'm an addict.
My only, albeit small, complaint is that the employees are a tad too quick to dust-buster up any toppings that spill from the bowls...kinda makes you feel bad for using them.
But not that bad.
Oh, and more outside seating please!
All in all, divine!
This restaurant is fantastic, but nothing mind blowing.
It has a menu comparable to legume in the sense that everything is made with the freshest seasonal ingredients.
However...I prefer legume.
We started the dinner with 2 appetizers: 
- Spare ribs with BBQ sauce 
- Smoked tuna strawberry salad 

Both were delicious.
The spare ribs were meat falling off the bone tender and the sauce was bbq sauce but more refined.
The smoked tuna on the salad made the appetizer worth it.
For my main course: 
- arctic char and scallops with couscous 

The arctic char was nothing special but the scallops were AMAZING, unquestionably FRESH.
Best part of the meal hands down (too bad there were only 2 pieces).
A friend had the ribeye which was also very tasty.
I definitely enjoyed my meal at avenue b, but with a meal that comes at a hefty price, I don't know if it's worth another trip =/ If I'm paying that much, the food BETTER be mind blowing.
Walked in here expecting just a full bar and restaurant, but was met with amazing energy, good music and even better VEGAN food.
Also couldn't stop freaking dancing while I was eating, the server Israel was kind and had super amazing suggestions on his favorite bites and drinks.
We had the street tacos set, Amelie Lens, Dubfire, and  I forgot the last one.
(Amelie Lens one was my personal favorite).
The wasabi tofuna poke bowl was so amazing!!!
Will definitely make it a habit to come back every time we are in Vegas!!
!
It has slowly but surely gone downhill.
Friday night and it's empty so I think other people are thinking the same thing.
They messed up every dish we ordered.
Great great food!
Very nice owners.
I have never had anything I did not like.
The only bad part is when you get there too late and they have run out of something you were craving!
This place is a must!!!
!
Definitely a spot to check out when looking for a quality sandwich at a reasonable price.
The shop staff are very friendly and more than willing to accommodate any request.
Do yourself a favor and get one of the steak sandwiches off of the menu.
They are amazing.
The ultra is my favorite.
Also the Cancun fries are awesome.
1 order is for sue big enough to serve 2 people maybe even 3!
This is one of the Peppis that takes credit cards as well.
Not all do FYI
I've been a Wingstop fan for quite some time now.
My friends and I would got to the Green Valley Ranch location about once a week until it was closed down.
Then we started going to the Tropicana location (although not as frequently due to the location).
We recently found about this particular location on Maryland and wanted to give it a try.
The manager, DJ, transferred from the Tropicana location.
He remembers our names (even though we only go a couple times a month these days) and is always welcoming and friendly.
This location is a bit different than most Wingstop locations.
There is a bar area.
There is more seating than normal.
The walls are lined with TVs showing sports.
I like all these things.
At the other Wingstop locations I would feel cramped and would want to leave soon after finishing my meal.
The wings I got on this trip were exceptionally large.
I've never had a problem with wing size at Wingstop and these were even bigger than usual.
I typically get the hot sauce which has a decent amount of kick.
The wings are never undercooked or overcooked and are quite tender and juicy.
I love the ranch sauce.
It's thin without being watery.
Hard to explain, but it's perfect for going with the hot wings.
They have TWO of the coke machines with the touchscreens.
I love those touchscreens, but people can be slow figuring them out.
With two of them there I hardly saw a line waiting for them.
The only negative about Wingstop is the price.
A small soda, dozen wings, and a ranch cost me over $12.
This place is not on my favorite to eat spot because of my detest of seafood but our waiter Caleb definitely made it into one of my top 10!
He was such a great server and a nice guy!
I'll come back for the service (and brownie) alone!
Thanks so much!
Look at the super cute brownie picture I posted :)
Great staff, great food!
It's a sandwich shop, not much to complain about.
Clean, generous, and nice!
Got the cheese steak and it was tastyyyyy.
Highly suggest for a quick bite to eat.
Pretty good place.
Great ambience and service.
The jackfruit sandwich is really excellent, so make sure to try that.
We chose Dan over 4 other landscapers and found him to be honest, dependable and someone who stands by what he promises.
He delivered our beautiful backyard in 3 days and was on-site and working along with his team.
He not only incorporated our vision but added special touches that just enhanced our backyard.
We haven't seen this level of competence, work ethic and overall professionalism in many years and Dan brings all of that to his projects.
We couldn't be happier with his fair price and workmanship.
Lucy & Chris B
Recently was there with a few friends.
Have been in the service industry for nearly 20 year from bartender to security to GM and like.
What I expect for service execution and attention are often rather high.
The attention received from the staff was wonderful.
Our bartender Cassandra was one fastest and attentive I've ever had the privilege to watch.
A smile and a thank you with every single transaction as well her head on a constant swivel.
Paying attention not only to guests but her teammates as well.
As we had no food our drinks were never empty and water was offered at nearly every exchange.
We'll be back again soon!
This location mirrors the Tucson location!
Same food, set up, and relish cart area.
The grilled green onion bulbs are so soft and yummy!
The variety of the salsas are great!
The Sonoran dogs are authentic.
No need to drive to rocky Point for my dogs anymore.
I'm not a huge fan of their beans tho.
The parking lot is small.
I really like this place.
They are very friendly.
Pricing is reasonable.
And they seem to be ahead of the trends.
I definitely recommend them!
This was a wonderful little throw back!
Had seen the place in Family Circus cartoons and it was neat to go in and have ice cream.
Great menu with a lot of different things (not just ice cream).
Super pleasant staff and a cute atmosphere made this place a winner.
Left without finishing my ice cream and stuffed after we had lunch elsewhere.
It was an old fashioned ice cream parlor and was a pleasure.
yo, this location is as bad as these other reviews make it out
-staff didn't know menu/ specials that we came for
-dropped one of our orders on the floor in front of us 
-packed so that my food all fell out of containers into bag anyway
-one order of mashed potatoes didn't even have gravy
-lobby a mess
-watched someone order and pay for a large order of spicy only to be told they don't have any 
-no napkins/ utensils
all of these seem minor but all in the course of a 3 minute stop?
naw.
just go to a different location.
this one apparently doesn't even participate in the monthly specials/ promotions which is the reason I go to this chain in the first place
I was real worried about eating here due to reviews saying the food was bland.
It was anything but.
We had the blue corn pancake with duck WOW.
For entrees we had the pork tenderloin sandwich and green chile burger.
The pork was incredible, the burger had a lot of flavor but not green chile, this was probably the most tender burger I have ever had.
We ate here for lunch because of my concern.
It was definitely worth going for dinner, we will be back.
I was very excited to order from Mr. Falafel this evening.
I placed my order around 4:30pm directly on their website.
Anyway, it is clearly marked that they deliver to the H9R area.
One can also find this restaurant listed on the Tasty Boom food delivery service as well.
I have double checked that I am indeed part of the delivery zone.
I received an order confirmation from Tasty Boom (as they are in charge of all the online orders).
After waiting for an hour and half I called the restaurant's direct line.
The person who picked up told me that a representative from Tasty Boom was supposed to call me because they had decided to cancel the order.
I never received any phone call, text, or e-mail stating that the order had been cancelled.
The Mr. Falafel employee also asked me, "If I just placed a bunch of things in my order to make the minimum?"
I then explained to him that I ordered what I wanted.
Also, I am not sure why "what" I decide to order is any of his concern as long as I meet the delivery requirements.
I expect that even if I was just ordering extra things I still would expect the food to be delivered.
I then called Tasty Boom and they told me that the restaurant had chosen to cancel the order because they felt like it wasn't "worth it" for them to deliver.
I would like to note that the website states a $20.00 minimum and my order was $25.00.
Also, the restaurant is located on Saint Jean's Boulevard and is a less than 10 minute drive from my location even with lots of traffic...what a joke and what a waste of time.
This is the 3rd time I've been  to this restaurant and all of the times the food was awesome and the staff was Reay friendly.
I will definitely be going there again.
Got the brisket sandwich.
Was not drowing in BBQ sauce which I appreciate.
Great flavor, great texture, nice and soft.
With onions and brioche.
Nom nom.
Although the food was great, the gents running the place try to really do what they can for you.
They let me try a sample, very engaging and fun.
I will be going back.
Came here with husband and bonus daughter while on vacation.
Love the texting when your table is ready concept.
The shakes are very yummy and incredibly filling.
I got the expresso one.
my husband the caramel bourbon and the 8 year old got the Smores.
The Smores one comes with a roasted marshmallow on top!
You get your glass of shake with tons of think, almost Fluff-like whipped cream on top plus the metal container that the shake was made in with all the extra that wouldn't fit in the glass.
My husband got the Farmer Browns' burger and enjoyed it.
I got the Hot Chick sandwich and it was incredible!
The perfect combination of flavors and amounts of sauce, cheese, etc.
Chicken was perfectly seasoned and grilled.
The Bonus Daughter got the grilled cheese and for an extra $1 (only homemade chips come with the sandwiches) got the fries.
She did not care for the fries.
The fries were a bit overly salted and also had pepper and I want to say rosemary on them.
I loved them but did try to scrape off some salt.
The waitstaff was very friendly and we got to eat in the outdoor covered area.
Great spot.
Wish we had something like it close to home.
Chelsea's Kitchen is awesome.
It's hard to find anything bad to say about it, so here are the good things: they have plenty of great beers on tap, as well as a ton of great wines.
The food is amazing.
I got the short-rib taco platter this time, and it is awesome.
It's cool that the menu has a little airplane icon next to the dishes that are fast to make so you can make it to your flight quickly.
And they have several tvs is the bar section so you can catch the end of the PGA Championship, if it happens to be that day for you (go Rory!).
Overall great place.
Friendly wait staff, food that arrives quickly, and great drinks.
5 stars!
I had a 2pm appointment, arrived 15 minutes early.
At exactly 2pm, "Chad" came and escorted me to CPAP room.
Although I have been on a CPAP machine for at least 10 years and I knew the drill, Chad was very professional and explained the machine, functions, equipment, etc.
He also recommended a different mask and headgear than what I had previously requested and it was much more comfortable than the one I wanted.
I was very satisfied with the treatment I received from Chad.
He is an asset to Bennett.
I will point out that I left another local CPAP supply company last week after getting the run around from them.
My pulmonary Doctor ordered a new CPAP after I had another sleep study done.
I had to contact Preferred CPAP Supplies and ask the status of my new machine.
I was rudely told that I wasn't the only customer and the insurance paperwork took awhile.
I reported that company to my doctor's office and was referred to Bennett Medical by them, and immediately cancelled my appointment and scheduled with Bennett.
Bennett had my insurance approval and paperwork done in two days where the other local company wasted 3 weeks of my time and gave excuses.
I had been with this other company for 4 years.
I called Bennett on a Friday, had my appointment and machine, etc, the following week.
Thank you Chad for your expertise.
I dropped my car off at fabulous Freddy's yesterday while I was getting my hair done.
When I came to pick up my car I noticed the back still had some dirt on it.
I wasn't going to make it a big deal and was just going to wipe it off at home but when I got home I continued to look over my car.
The cup holder was never cleaned out and other parts of the car looked like they were never wiped down.
I have a really nice brand new 2016 BMW and I was highly displeased :(.
Save yourself the $27 and do it yourself.
I wish I could give a better rating.
It really isn't a bad place.
It's chill and hipster.
But what I had there tasted awful.
I ordered iced tea but what they gave me was not lemony nor did it have any citrus flavour typical for iced tea.
It wasn't even sweetened!!
Furthermore the color was blood red!
What are they playing at?
Sorry, this iced tea detered me from wanting to go back.
Maybe the coffee drinks are good, but definitely not this damned "iced tea".
Empty restaurant at 8pm, bar closing, no chef cooking and absolutely nobody in the restaurant.
We made the mistake of staying.
Fish restaurant with two choices of fish, but mostly fried.
Stay away
Hmm..
I never write reviews on here, but I felt I had to with this place.
First of all, it was expensive for the quantity that they give you.
If the food was actually good and they had the atmosphere to match it would've made more sense to me.
That was not the case - the restaurant was basic and to be honest, pretty run down for a restaurant on King West I'd expected better.
The staff was rude with answering any questions and when the food came the ingredients were old and tasted like MOLD.
I didn't even finish it before the waitress took it away and didn't think twice to ask why I left it (most staff will ask if you enjoyed the food at a good quality place - not here!)
I would never go back here or recommend it to anyone in the area AND I agree with the post about food poisoning I was sick for two days after eating here!!!
YUCK, disgusting.
:(
So I was in the mood for Asian food and after countless research on yelp and Google, this place looked like it would deliver.
Boy how wrong I was.
The service was terrible.
The server tried to get my friend to order two separate entrees when she just wanted a side of rice to go with her general tsos chicken.
After we got our meals he disappeared and didn't return until about 15 minutes after we were done eating.
My friend ordered the general tso chicken.
It was bland and more breading than chicken.
I ordered the chicken and mushroom noodles.
The hand pulled noodles were slightly undercooked but still really good.
The chicken was horrible and didn't even seem as if it was chicken.
The texture was more of the organs than the meat.
Needless to say it was very questionable.
The experience all together was crappy but our server put the cherry on top when he took the bill and never returned with the change.
Normally I tip 20% or above but he seemed ok with his 10%.
I won't be going back there, I would have been more satisfied with panda express.
Pulled in for an oil change.
Have no problem waiting.
Dude is posted up against the wall doing nothing, sees me, does not acknowledge me.
Drive around to the other side.
Roll my window down.
Looks at me, still nothing.
See another guy who's actually working on a vehicle who I believe was on his way over to acknowledge me, but i had already started driving off.
No worries, I'll spend my money elsewhere.
My wife really enjoyed the tasty foods, had the pork shoulder & the achiote roasted chicken dinner plates complimented with a pressed Cubano everything was spot on, not to mention the dessert, we will revisit and we recommend to anyone looking for some soul in their food.
I liked this place a lot 
They have a few duck dishes that I was very happy about.
I want to try everything on the menu
So I'll definitely try to come back more often
This is probably the best Moe's in the area which explains why it's always busy and other ones are always empty.
The people are friendly here, they don't skimp on the burritos, and they have the freestyle Coke machine.
Their sanitation scores are typically far and above other Moe's in the area too.
It's not gourmet or authentic Mexican, but for $5 on Monday for a huge burrito, chips, and a drink, you can't go wrong.
Healthy option.
If you like their FB page they will upsize your order.
Bees flying everywhere - must be really fresh.
Though I wish they rinse the juicer a bit more after each order.
Interesting mixes which I will try at home myself.
Took us a minute to find it, but after some searching, we found it (located on the 10th floor of Venetian).
Mrs. Ninja's favorite meal is breakfast so we had to try Bouchon.
First, they served bread with butter and jam.
Something about the butter was so good, like they were slaving away in the kitchen,churning butter.
For our meal, she ordered the chicken and waffles, not as good as Roscoes, but still got the yes nod from her.
I ordered the mussel in wine sauce w/ pomme frites (fries) and it was also very good.
Mamosa (champagne w/ OJ) was good but I finished it in two large sips.
Definitely worth checking out if you dont want to stuff yourself with the buffet or if you need something to deaden a small vegas hangover.
4 Hip to the Hops!
Simply put: These guys are amazing.
Two of my friends had their Tacomas worked on by these guys and they recommended I check them out when I needed some work done on my truck.
I had them do my timing belt and water pump on my 04 Nissan Frontier.
They did exactly what they asked and when it ended up taking an extra day because a part needed to be ordered they set me up with a loaner car.
They told me about a few other things that might need to be taken care of in the future but they didn't push me to get it done right then and there like most shops would.
They are very trustworthy and honest with what they do.
They won't BS you and they definitely aren't the kind of place that's just looking to make a quick buck off an unsuspecting customer.
They will tell you what you need and what you don't need without a bunch of salesmen like antics.
I highly recommend Yota Pros.
If you're in the area and have a hankering for pizza, head on over to the five50.
Let's call this place a 3.5.
Midwesterners beware, this is a thin crust pizza joint!
We were pressed for time and had a 30 to 40 minute window for eating.
The service was accommodating, and they got us in and out just in time.
We ordered one pizza, half North Beach half Margherita.
The slices were large and thin, so one pizza was enough to make two people full at three slices per person.
The pizza was thin crust, but still had a slight chew to go with the crunch which I enjoyed.
The North Beach had smoked mozzarella and clams on it, and was described as bbq chicken pizza with the chicken swapped for clams.
It was unique with tender clam pieces, but I think they planted a dangerous seed since I found myself wishing it had a dash of bbq sauce!
The Margherita pizza was nothing special, just a big basil leaf on each slice.
Best breakfast in the Phoenix area.
I normally get the Irishman omelette, it is an omelette packed with corned beef.
It comes with potatoes and a side of toast.
The service is always fast and the food generally congress pretty quick.
It is almost always packed on the weekends but if you're solo out with your significant other, ask to sit at the bar.
Cool interior with fun mix of draft beer, coffees, and I believe - full bar.
Servers we're engaged and efficient.
Loved option to eat/drink at the bar.
Tho too hot to enjoy on this visit, looks like cute and accommodating outdoor dining available.
Will return for the entertainment offerings!
We've been coming here for a couple of years now and it is Awesome!!
Really cute place with Amazingly delicious food!!
You tell them what you want and they put it together right in front of you..  Barbacoa is Best in the city!!
Highly recommend you give em a try!!
You won't be disappointed!
!
Hour wait even with reservations.
We made 7:00pm reservations for a party of 2 and did not get seated until 8pm and that was after having to ask the host several times, and then finally for a manager.
It took at least 15 minutes for the employees to find her.
This location has just really gone down hill, I've been to many Benihanas throughout the country from locations in Atlanta, Detroit, San Diego, and this location is the absolute worst experience I've ever had at a Benihana's.
It looked as if they were short staffed there were at least 4 grills that were not being used.
One positive experience was our chef Joseph made the food delicious and of course entertaining.
The manager did seem understanding and apologized and was willing to try and make our visit better.
But, still will not be returning to this location.
Went for my moms 60th birthday and had a blast.
The wait was a little longer than I would have liked but well worth the wait.
The hibachi chef put on a great show and made my mom feel extra special.
The soup was tasty and the tempura shrimp appetizer was fantastic but expensive for only getting two pieces.
Our group ordered, lobster, filet mignon, shrimp and the kids steak hibachi.
The filet mignon melted in your mouth, and the shrimp was delicious.
The lobster was a little salty but still really good.
Dishes were also served with fried rice and vegetables which were also really good.
If it's your birthday the staff gives you ice cream as well as sings you a fun birthday song!
Highly recommend coming with a group of friends or family.
Tables seat 10.
One downfall is they do not take reservations on the weekends.
Service was just as good as the food!
Kim and Raju who was our servers was super friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.
Definitely recommend the shared meals!
Yes, this place can be pricey but it was a great stay in Montreal.
We paid ~ $750 for three week nights in October.
Location:  Fabulous because it was near the quaint old town area with plenty of areas to stroll through and pick up breakfast.
1 block away from the metro stop and about 3 blocks from China Town.
About 5 blocks from the water front and Archeology museum.
Service:  Very friendly and tried to be professional but some odd answers to my questions.
They seemed to always try to sell their own restaurant whenever we wanted suggestions from the concierge...even when we asked to find St.Viateur for their famous bagels.
I also tried to get a room with a good view - one of the customer service reps said she would try, since the rooms were not ready when we arrived.
But then another service rep looked at her and mumbled something in French... She then said that our room does have a good view and then within the same sentence, said that really, there were not good views in this hotel.
Then, our toilet had very low water pressure so I called the front desk who said they would relocate us to another room.
15 minutes later, after frantically packing our things, a guy comes up to the room and says no other rooms are available and they would fix it in the a.m.   "A" for effort but "C" for the odd answers and possibly... lack of experience?
Rooms:  Loved the brick walls and hard wood floors INSIDE the rooms - a lot of personality with very high ceilings.
Big bathroom with full bath.
Good blow dryer in the room, iron and board, umbrella, robes, iphone/ipod dock on radio.
Bed was a bit firm for me (I am soft biased) but otherwise comfy.
Fitness room:  small but my husband said was good enough - had cardio machines and weights.
We received a free drink voucher for their restaurant upon checkin.
Our friends also stayed in the hotel and opted to buy package deal that included 4 free metro passes and coupons... not sure how much more they spent but they also got a bigger room.
love love love.
Everything about it.
Has been consistent since they opened.
I wish there were multiple locations around the valley.
The chicken is so tender and juicy.
There's nothing they can't do.
Harry and Jack are great people and true experts.
Their price was more than reasonable.
I've gone to them on numerous occasions for shirts, winter coats, suits, pants.
All came out was tailored as if the original piece was made for me.
The quality of the meat amd the banchan varieties were good.
Ive been meaning to go to this spot for a while and finally got to try it out.
The wait is horrendous of course but expected, 30 min turned to 1 hour and 10 min.
So dont come here hungry.
Lol

The prices and quantity is expected as well very small, its not an all you can eat joint and dont expect alot of meat.
We had to order another plate pf meat and cold noodles on top of our combo.
We told our server maybe we shpuld have ordered the 3 to 4 people portion, he said no its too much food.
The portions are really small, the pictures are deceiving.
Our server was in a rush on everything, our food, the cooking and when we said we want to order more meat he kinda got dissappointed.
Lol.
We had to ask for cups for our water, more water, rice, napkins pretty much all the basics.
Top it off with a piece of hair on our salad which we pointed out and he just said oh I get you a new one.
No sorry, oh my gosh, nothing.
Well I tried it and everyone seems to give this place a 4 and 5 star which Im sure at times deserves it.
Its just not this time.
I called HoneyComb for an appointment for full highlights, cut, and blow-out.
I couldn't come in during work hours but I was able to get in with Tia Hunter within two weeks (which is pretty good for a 2 hour appointment after 5:30 pm)!
The salon itself is neat, clean, simple and whimsically decorated.
Tia took time to listen to me describe what I wanted to do with my hair and she offered advice and recommendations.
She took the time to explain what she was doing and gave me some tips for maintaining the style.
Tia updated the color and cut with some very subtle changes but it definitely freshened up my style!
I am still super happy with her work two weeks out.
Thanks Tia!
It was $7 for a 6 inch turkey sub.
Now Subway has real turkey and charges under $5, so TOGO's needs to match that price.
Nothing really stands out in the #3 (turkey and cheese), so there is no compelling reason to eat turkey anymore at this chain.
Perhaps one final pastrami run in the future.
The kids making the sandwiches also don't listen to what you want, so watch them closely.
Not sure how many hours they pre-slice the turkey ahead of time, but no fresh slicing involved here either.
Like all the other reviews say, this place is AMAZING

Awesome staff, great selection of wines, lots of unique beer options (lotta local places too), obvi liquors, some good mixer choices AND free wine tastings on Saturday afternoons 

I just love it
You should go
Got take out sushi today - half of the avocado was brown - like really brown.
If this is a sushi place you would think the products they use in AVOCODO sushi would be fresh.
Or at least call the customer & say that the avocados aren't good - would you like something else.
Not just send the product on it's way - my hubby picked it up - so not sure if he even looked at it before taking it.
I would have taken one look & refused it.
Got all the way home & it just looked gross - feel really bad cause my little daughter was the one that wanted it .
We picked out the good ones & tossed the rest.
Now - saying this to the manager - he didn't even offer a refund or an apology - second manager did - & offered an apology which the first manager didn't even offer.
Really disappointing.
Feeling sick  with stomach pains - which is what prompted me to call.
Very disappointing.
Very nice eating environment and the food are quite nice.
Very native Japanese style.
I really liked Sakana when it first opened, I went there for lunch a couple of times but because the 'word wasn't out' it was very slow, I was immediately seated, the service was quick and the sushi was good.
You could tell they were really trying to make an impression.
I returned there about 2 weeks ago for AYCE and the experience was quite different.
I went early, about 11:30 a.m. because I knew they are much busier.
There were only 4 other people in the restaurant.
I ordered my first round and as I waited, the restaurant filled up quickly.
I waited.
And waited.
And waited some more.
When my first order of sushi arrived, it wasn't everything I ordered but I was glad it came because it took the edge off.
I slowly received more sushi.
The 3 orders of eel that I ordered never came.
I reminded the server.
She said she would check on it.
I waited some more.
I asked her for the 2nd time about the eel.
Even though the restaurant was practically full, she was the only server working, ping-ponging from table to table.
Since I had nothing to do I kept an eye on this poor guy at the bar who wasn't even acknowledged for at least 1/2 an hour, not even to be given water.
He kept trying to get someone's attention!
Finally about 12:15, what I thought was another server arrived, turned out he was a bus boy and could only pick up plates and fill water.
FINALLY my eel arrived, it was super mushy, was much larger than the other sushi and didn't have that warm toasted crust.
You could tell it was thrown together.
Since I made such a big deal out of it, I ate it all even though I didn't like it.
I felt so sick after that, even though I didn't get my money's worth I didn't want any more (she wouldn't have been around to take another order anyway).
I was in the restaurant for well over an hour even though when I arrived I was one of 5 people there.
Then on the way out I noticed a dead roach on the floor, I nearly threw up.
The quality and service went way down with this place which is unfortunate.
My first time at this joint and I will be coming back.
My boyfriend ordered the adobo fried rice omelette and it was delicious, a little salty but I'm Filipino and adobo is always salty.
I definitely want to try more of their food, when I came here I wasn't too hungry and just ordered a manapua and some fried Mochi balls; it made me reminisce about being in Hawaii.
The mochi balls here reminded me of the ones I use to get down the street from my house in HI, sooooooooo ONO!
I wish I had a bigger appetite so I could've ordered the oxtail soup but I'll save that for next time.
Better meat than most buffets I've had in the valley.
Pretty new place, but the owners were previously owners of a different restaurant that was sold so seem to have the mixture and admin down right.
Very nice people and good service.
My favorite on the buffet was the goat---which is usually difficult to find.
They did a good job and didn't skimp on the meat.
My husband and I are not quite the handy people we wished we are.
Now that's where Daniel is a heaven sent!
We just moved in to a new house and have tons of paintings to put up along with some curtain rods and bidets for our bathroom.
Daniel quoted us a price that was over our budget but he was willing to negotiate.
And that was the best money spent!
No headaches, no worries.
Daniel took care of everything.
Daniel and his coworker were meticulous and got the job done perfectly!
I foresee us calling Daniel again sometime soon for any little jobs around the house!
Breakfast was amazing and the service is swift and friendly!
We sat at the bar and were extremely impressed with the morning spirits as well as the food.
Our bartender/server was Daniel and he was excellent as well.
When I travel back to Phoenix I will make a special trip back!
I was a box dye type of girl for years, so much that my dark brown hair was turning my hair black.
I was told by many salons I would have to pay so much money to lighten my hair.
I had found Heidi on yelp and really liked her work.
I schedule an appt, she was affortable and really talented.
Although getting your hair from dark to red was a process.
She really cares about taking great care of your hair.
It has been over 2 years I've been coming to Heidi and she always makes my hair look and feel fabulous.
I love coming to the Hive, to see Heidi and Alli you are always greeted with a warm welcome back, and great coversation.
Thanks ladies.
Saw Slipknot /Lamb of God/Bullet for my Valentine/ Motionless in White last night freaking amazing show!
Parking was free and easy but we were an hour early.
Security did good getting us thru...pat down and made us take all lids of water bottles.
We were general admission lawn and lots of space to stretch out .
Clearly there's gonna be pot smokers everywhere..we were fully surrounded and people never asked to put it out at any point.
People were lighting up and roaming around with it in broad daylight.
This generation seems to have no fear of the law.
Guess they knew security wasnt going to be around.
..during the whole 5 hour experience we saw security just once escorting someone out and medics walked by twice.
Good time good venue!
MINDY MINDY MINDY MINDY!!!!!!!!
She is literally the best waitress I've ever had in my life!
She deserves a raise and praise and anything else in the world.
I never had an experience like this ever at any restaurants.
My husband and I have been to 5 star restaurants and the service doesn't come close to here.
Thank you so much you rock!!!
!
Surprise has needed a place like this for some time.
Food was good, but the local beer and wine selection and ambiance made the entire experience fantastic.
We'll be back many, many times!
Very popular lunch spot just off the circle.
While there is a rather direct sign on the hostess stand stating cell phone use can lose you service, try the Pad Thai as it's tasty and well balanced.
Eating in is better than carry out but can get loud.
This is the best restaurant under $30 per plate in Champaign-Urbana, and it's the best food in that price range that I've had in extensive traveling in downstate Illinois.
It's nationally recognized for quality, and it shows in every aspect of their food.
The barbecue is flavorful but never dry.
The sauces are varied and incredibly tasty.
Their sides are delicious.
Their sweet tea is to die for.
They have a great selection of craft beers.
The only problem is the wait - they're such a popular destination that you'll frequently have to wait 15-20 minutes (or more) for a table at peak mealtimes, But with their new Champaign location starting to kick off, that might start to get better.
If you're just passing through and only have time for one meal in Champaign-Urbana, do yourself a favor and make it Black Dog.
A good location, right on the Strip outside Ceasers, with good amount of outdoor seating.
The food itself was pretty standard; had a decent Denver omelette with uninspired side of overdone breakfast potatoes.
Expected a bit more for the prices here.
Decent option if you need something relatively quick in the area, but nothing too memorable.
Wow, customer service unparallelled!
They sell all of the parts I need for the kit that I bought.
I'm going to step up to an audrino quad copter, and they have assured me that even if I don't buy the frame and motors there, I can get the components, and they'll give me all of the help I need.
McKenna Property Management are very professional, well responsive organization.
After finding my townhome to rent on Zillow McKenna contacted me fairly promptly.
When I need repairs McKenna again responds promptly.
Their repair people are very professional, respectful of my home and my time.
They work closely to schedule repairs on my behalf.
This is a new place right by my house.
Thought we would give it a try.
It was probably the best sushi I have had in a long time.
The service was great everyone is very friendly and on top of it!
I highly recommend this place!!
!
Very sweet romantic little corner restaurant with excellent service, food & ambiance.
Would highly recommend for a nice romantic date or to have a quiet dinner with a friend with beautiful ambiance.
We had a steak and fish and they were prepared deliciously and fresh.
Prices were very good for such a high quality meal.
The restaurant accommodates about 25-30 seated plus there is a small bar.
This place could easily be rented out for an intimate gathering as well.
Great spot for a casual and tasty Korean and Hawaiian meal.
Came with the family and the portion sizes were huge and the combo plate was particularly good.
Friendly service without the seedy Las Vegas vibe of some of the other smaller places.
I get why it's highly rated.
I too recommend it.
The Thai is good (its at the same level of decent nyc Thai) and the seafood soup as well.
Service was very good, tho my pad Thai and soup came out at the same time (but that's not the reason for four stars - I sparingly give five stars).
Overall, good experience and I'll come back.
Excellent customer service and very prompt picking me up!
I also appreciated how they used an electronic device for the rental agreement vs printing out a bunch of paperwork.
It made it super convenient.
I'd definitely return as a customer at that location next time I need a rental car near the area.
I usually give companys a break but i truly think this company needs great improvement,  the service as far as how long it took to get a burger was very poor it took 25 to 35 minutes  after the initial 15 minutes it took just to get our server to the table to receive our food the food was ok but not really very good, my friends said they had Mexican food and it was definitely better it hot on the patio no misters .
Um it's pretty average ramen... Don't see what's the hype at all.
Will not be back again.
Waiter was good but the steak gorgonzola was a small portion for the price and where me and my wife was there was several nat's flying and went into my food we had to move got the food there was comp or anything spent 50 dollars for bug food afterwards my wife went to talk to the manager saying we will not return he asked if we paid and we said yes and he sorry we can't do anything have a nice day stay away if you want bugs in your food unless you don't mind paying the money for bug food I will never return to this one I'll drive to go to my other one
Double Check your order, usually correct but have had to take in a few items.
Not Bad and Super close
I'm partial.
I use to work here years ago but nonetheless, this place always delivers high quality products with awesome customer service.
It all started with the man himself, MR Bruce Halle!
Short version: If you want a massage, whether on your own or a couples massage, forget the sky-high prices on the strip and head over to Massage Pro.
It's not a sleazy, cheapo place.
It's cozy and professional.
Long version: My husband and I decided to make an impromptu trip to Las Vegas.
We booked our hotel two days in advance and winged it while we were there.
We knew, though, that we wanted to get a couples massage.
Of course, we headed to Yelp, and read lots of good reviews for the hotel spas, but oh my gosh--$400 for a 50 minute massage?
Ouch.
No thanks.
So, I Googled "couples massage" and came up with three non-day spa/hotel places in Vegas.
I called all three, checked reviews on all three, and then checked appointment availability and came up with Massage Pro.
Booked an appointment sight unseen, and crossed my fingers.
The place is right off the strip--just head west on Sahara for a couple miles.
It'd be too much to walk, I think, but it's close enough that taking a taxi shouldn't be too expensive.
We had our car with us and it was a very quick drive.
When my husband and I walked into the office, we were a little worried--the reception is super small and feels a little like a dentist's office.
We filled out our paperwork, and were taken back to a much more spacious waiting room with dimmed lights, relaxing music, and a little fountain.
From there, we were met by our massage therapists.
We did have to wait a little longer than we expected, but it was only seven minutes beyond our appointment time, and they more than made up for it during the session.
I think they spent an extra ten or fifteen minutes on us to make it up to us.
:)

We ordered the 90-minute combination massage, which was a blend of Swedish and deep-tissue techniques.
We paid just $90 each!
Even with a $20 tip on top of each massage, we were still under the next least expensive massage we could find--and the experience was phenomenal!
We had a male therapist and a female therapist (we had confirmed this was all right when we called and made our appointments) who guided us to a designated Couples Room specially set aside for couples massages.
The room was decorated, dimmed, and had soothing music playing.
The beds were heated and we were asked if they were to our liking temperature-wise.
They were perfect.
Did I mention the therapists are nationally and locally licensed?
Yeah.
Cool.
So began ninety minutes of rubby, relaxing bliss.
The therapists were receptive to our suggestions--a little softer on that spot, please; a little harder right there.
The therapists were nothing but the utmost of professionals, watching our muscles for the relaxation of knots and responses to too much pressure.
They adjusted their techniques to our preferences and my husband and I had a wonderfully relaxing afternoon.
We had very enjoyable massages.
We didn't pack robes with us, and, not being a day spa, they don't provide them, so they were kind enough to let us use their shower usually reserved for customers getting body scrubs so we could rinse off some of the massage lotion.
We got big, fluffy towels to dry off with and they even gave us an extra one, just in case.
In short:
UNBEATABLE prices
Professional, personable, skilled, licensed, receptive therapists
Couples massage room!
Not a day spa--ambiance is definitely service-oriented, but still decorated and cozy
Awesome massage
Not sketchy (they have zero tolerance for inappropriate behavior)

What are you waiting for?!
Book your vacation massage for less than the price of most show tickets!
Great food the pho was very good, not too fatty and.
Well spiced.
The chicken salad was excellent, the dressing being just spicy enough.
TRY THE BBQ MAHI MAHI TACOS!!
This place was on point.
Busy as hell and the service was amazing.
The food came out fast, hot, and delicious.
Chicken Tacos, Diablo Salad, you cannot make a wrong choice....and their Sangaritas are to die for.
A friend had been trying to get me to try acupuncture for years (every time I mentioned that my back hurt), but I would say, "Needles?
No thanks!"
I was recently in Las Vegas the week of Independence Day for a poker tournament and my back was hurting so much that I was having difficulty sitting at the tables for long periods of time.
I got massages for three days in a row but got only a small amount of temporary relief.
I thought about going to a chiropractor, but remembered how many times my friend had tried to get me to see her acupuncturist and decided I should give it at least one try.
Boy, am I glad I did!
The needles are very, very fine and I only felt a small prick with a few (not even close to either a vaccination or finger stick)-- this was NOT a painful procedure.
He inserted 16 of them from my neck to my ankles and then asked me to guess how many were there.
I guessed 6-8.
I seriously didn't even feel the others and none of them hurt.
They then hooked some kind of electrodes to 6 of them (I was lying face down and couldn't see what he was doing) and sent weak electrical pulses through them.
If you've ever had TINS treatments, the amount of current was far less (no muscle twitches) and felt as if someone was gently tapping my back in each spot.
Then, they turned off the lights and played New Age type music while I relaxed.
I don't know how long that lasted (maybe 15-20 minutes?)
because I didn't have my watch on, but it was like taking a nap.
After this time, they disconnected the electrodes and removed the needles.
I felt very calm and a little groggy at this point.
I had told him that I would be playing poker later that evening and he recommended that I take a nap when I returned to my hotel.
I took his advice and when I awoke, I felt great!
In fact, I was even able to walk from Caesar's to Bally's later to catch the free shuttle without any pain.
Sure, that's not a great distance, but there is no way I could have done that prior to my acupuncture treatment.
I got a second treatment the next day (my last full day in town) and when I left Las Vegas, I was pain free.
Just today (about 10 days later) my lower back pain has been bothering me again (though not as severe), so tomorrow morning I will look up the local doctor whom my friend recommended.
I hope he is as good as Dr. Lok!
If you are in Las Vegas and have back pain, you really need to go to Dr. Lok.
I don't know if this is the correct PODS location, but this comment is about the entire PODS company, not a specific location.
The whole notion of loading all your belongings into a box and then having the box shipped to the city you're moving to is brilliant and simple...unless you're dealing with PODS.
These folks have less than no clue about what customer service is.
My brother moved to Scottsdale from Minneapolis.
He arrived well ahead of his PODS container.
However, when the container did arrive no one bothered calling to let him know his unit had arrived.
When he called them he was told, "Oh yeah.
The container arrived last week."
It never occurred to anyone to let my bro know that his container had arrived.
Next was the issue of trying to schedule delivery of the unit to his home.
Problem is, no one at PODS location has any discernible grasp of how production scheduling works.
All they were interested in telling him is that there will be extra fees for overtime because they're so busy.
Since when are the internal logistics problems at PODS any concern of the client?
Thankfully, my brother is a very persuasive bloke and he takes very little guff from incompetent lackeys.
Of course he paid no additional fees, but a more timid individual would likely be held up for extra charges.
And then there's the challenge of trying to contact PODS.
All communication and billing are handled at a centralized call center, and it's a typical call center staffed by individuals who are paid far too little to give a crap about people calling in with questions, problems, and concerns.
So, if you want to contact the local location to see if the unit has arrived...no dice!
You get to deal with a call center lackey.
My brother did give a positive shout-out to the guys PODS sent out to empty out his home in Minneapolis and load the container.
They damaged only two pieces of furniture and they didn't break near as many fragile items as he was expecting they would, so he was pretty pleased with that.
Bottom line here is that until PODS matures and figures out its logistics issues, timing issues, and customer service issues, you'll do much better with U-Haul or Atlas Van Lines.
I had my hair done yesterday at another salon, by a different stylist.
The results were, to say the least, not favorable.
What I had asked for was not what I received.
I was in a panic as I have an outing planned for Saturday and could not wait the week that the stylist wanted me to wait.
My coworker referred me here.
I called made appointment, was scheduled today after work and I found Christina A.
She literally is a color genius!
She turned my orange, uneven hair into exactly what I wanted and what I've been told by many other stylist since moving to Vegas, would take multiple sessions to achieve.
They were WRONG!
My hair feels healthy and shiny and is the color I have been wanting.
I am so happy that I found her and will NOT be going to anyone else.
Her prices are super reasonable too!
And she makes you feel comfortable and walks you through the whole process.
Thank you for fixing my hair Christina!
These guys just left my house.
They.
Are.
Awesome.
By way of full disclosure, I'm a male single parent of two (and a dog) that wishes he could afford a cleaning lady.
As such, the carpets in my house were pretty, um... nasty.
Like 'my girlfriend doesn't want her feet to touch the floor' nasty.
Anyway, these guys came in right on time for the appointment and made the place look brand spanking new.
I would give them five stars even if they were some mega-corporation-chain... but they're not.
They're a small family owned and operated business... which feels even better.
Thanks, yelpers, for turning me on to these guys.
I wouldn't dream of using another company.
NFL football on and I'm listening to Casey Kasum tip hits from 1978.
What is the target demographic?
This isn't the only time I left due to terrible ambiance.
I'll keep  giving this place a chance because of the happy hour pizza and wings.
I hope they will find an identity.
This is my favorite steak house!
Beef Ragou Striploin was excellent.
Martini was great as well.
Will be  back!
It was okay!
It definitly wasn't bad I just don't think I would go visit again.
I didn't really like their food choices or the way their menu was set up.
It was also the most expensive Korean bbq in my opinion and was not worth the price.
Excellent food, wonderful atmosphere, and exceptional service!
The waiter was sooo friendly, and the owner really did a fantastic job of going around and making sure everybody was happy.
Admittedly, we had a reservation and had to wait a bit before it was actually ready, but the owner made sure to personally apologize and explain the delay to us.
Later, he came over and talked to us about travel... Long story short, you don't find this kind of service often!
As for the food itself, I think they serve the BEST baklava I've ever had ("better than any of the baklava in Greece or Turkey or anywhere else in the Mediterranean that we tried", according to one of the other members of my group), and the rest of the food is AMAZING as well.
UPDATE: I've now come here several times (basically every time I come to Pittsburgh) and I've gotten used to just ordering a whole bunch of appetizers for my meal so that I can try a little bit of everything since everything is delicious.
Highly recommend!
This is definitely my favorite Mediterranean restaurant!
Great restaurant in the Sheridan Square neighborhood!
We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful night with misters.
The service was friendly and helpful, the atmosphere was nice and the food was good.
I started with the pork spring rolls and followed it with the lemongrass chicken.
Both were very fresh, flavorful and tasty!
We've been going to Pete's since I was a little girl... a long long time.
I remember my mom saying "we're going to Pete's" and we would cheer, yaaay yummy, cheap, fast, the best in town, I just drove down there after work, 15 miles to pick up dinner, every one cheered yaaay when I walked in the door.
The ice cream is amazing, but the ice cream sandwich really knocked my socks off.
Soft, huge, delicious (tastes like rawww cookie dough) cookie and whatever flavor you pick for the ice cream between!
!
If you like the way cake mix from a box tastes then this is the place for you.
I felt like I could've easily made these at home.
This is a great authentic Thai restaurant.
Papaya salad is fresh and delicious.
Ask for a Thai ice tea, and add a little dark rum if you're up for it.
The bartenders are very nice and accommodating, and they even gave us sips of extra drinks he was making without charge.
As with all authentic Thai food, it is very spicy, but you are able to order it from 0 to 5 spice level so that you can get exactly what you want within your tastes.
Took my family to Ohio for a Cavaliers game and we stayed at a hotel near by so we decided to stop at max and ermas for dinner and we loved the food and the service.
Definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting the area.
A Yelp Talk query called my attention to the fact that I'd never posted a review, even though I've enjoyed this spot at Tivoli several times over the years.
Yes, it is a Cigar Lounge, housing a large humidor with excellent stogies, but it is more, and worth exploring, even if you don't smoke cigars.
Of course they have a wide selection of single malts, cognac and typical spirits which accompany puffing away; they also have a full bar.
The decor is dark and rich, and seating is comfortable; very men's clubby feeling to me, in a good way.
Staff has always been knowledgeable and welcoming, friends who dig cigars like the variety, and the live music we have caught at times added an extra cool vibe.
A nice place to have a nightcap in Tivoli.
* cigars to suit any taste or budget * 

** nice selection of single malts, whiskey, cognac, and full bar **

*** knowledgeable, friendly staff ***

**** live music some evenings ****
Please thank your head server for telling us to sit far away at a table far away from everyone because according to her our 2yo twin boys are loud.
We had just walked in for 20 seconds!
Her actions made it possible to have an excellent dinner at Bachi Burger.
We have been there three previous times with the worst sounds made being the little soy sauce dishes being tossed on the floor.
We were seated at the last table in the restaurant closest to the restrooms at the time.
The same person sat us that time as well.
She is a shorter Asian woman with glasses.
Our boys are not children who cry throughout dinner, in fact they do not cry at all when they are out eating.
Because they love food!
They are the type who flirt with the other very friendly tall server and wave at the man who brought our iced teas.
You lost repeat customers who will take every chance that we get to make sure everyone knows what kind of a person you choose to employ.
Very rude and poor customer service!
I have never had heard anyone works in service industry would talk to customer like that.
This is a great grocery store.
The staff is extremely helpful and pleasant.
I never have to wait in long lines.
Whenever I need help there is always two or more workers to assist me.
I just can't say enough good things about this place.
This place is the best, the staff is very courteous and attentive.
I take all my vehicles here even though it is out of the way from my house.
My cars always look so good afterwards and the guys tell me if I notice anything that they missed to please bring it back and they will correct it.
My new goto salon!
I've had three different nail techs there and each time I'm never disappointed.
They are truly good at what they do.
I get sns nails if that matters to anyone
Mo-Mondays is what I mostly hit Moe's for but have been known to go other days too :).
The rice bowls are really good and the portions are pretty equal to the price.
Over all it is a real good place for a quick lunch and it is real close to my work so that's an added plus for me.
Why oh why is there only ever one employee working?
I don't mind a wait but this poor girl is running around crazy doing it all and there is a line of six waiting to take order.
Despite this she has a great customer service attitude so good job!
Must be stressful.
My girlfriend and I came here to get a quiet coffee and snack, somewhere away from the business of the strip, and could not have been happier!
The food is delicious and prepared fresh in front of you in an open kitchen area, the owner is incredibly sweet and friendly and takes a lot of pride in what he serves up and the huge selection of pastries looked phenomenal (I was too full from my food to have one unfortunately, but next time for sure!).
I would absolutely recommend this to anyone stopping by for a quick coffee or brunch/lunch and will be sure to come back anytime I'm in Vegas!
5/5!!
!
Love the crab legs and shrimp!
Very good Asian buffet,  we ate here to get away from the hype (and high price) of the Las Vegas strip .
This gym has alot of equipment and TVs for most of them.
The classes are good for instruction, although I would rather workout alone.
Most of the classes are full.They play modern music.
It is usually clean and the trainers seem nice.
Although the front staff is usually off in their own world.
I am big on customer service and they do not know what that is.
I think you can get better monthly fees somewhere else.
The biggest problem here is the parking.
This was not thought out, and if you show up at a time when there is a class or in the evening forget it.
Food was delicious!
Steaks, prime rib, salmon and ahi was cooked to perfection!
Sevice was fantastic and friendly!
Nom Nom Nom
I went here over the weekend and it was AMAZING.
We were told it would be about 15-20 minute wait and it said that was fine and sat down to wait.
About 10 minutes later, we were seated.
Wait staff was great and food was wonderful.
It's not cheap, but you do get what you pay for in my opinion.
Great food, great environment!!
This will be a regular place to visit!
Been dining with Muramoto for a number of years and generally been pleased with the sushi.
However, today my wife and I waited at lunch 40 minutes for 3 rolls and a chicken teriyaki.
This has happened several times in the past and seems to only happen when ordering one of the less expensive lunch specials.
I finally asked our waiter to check on our order after 35 minutes.
When the sushi finally arrived about 1/2 the rolls we falling apart.
All 3 rolls were warm.
The tuna roll was about the size of my little finger and tasted as though the fish was off.
The cucumber roll was simply chopped cucumber in rice (no flavor or seasoning at all).
My wife's lunch arrived about 5 minutes later and it was fine though probably should have been served a bit closer to the sushi.
This has happened several times in the recent past.
I think this is strike 3.
Don't see myself going back again.
Great place, volunteers are very helpful and know a ton.
Some of the people who work on the bikes there also know as much.
Even if you know what you are doing you will learn something.
Having all the tools available and piles of used parts is awesome.
Highly recommended, really fun to work there.
Located out in the sticks, you'll find an apple-fetishist's utopia, The Apple Factory!
I've been familiar with this place since I was a kid, and used to LOVE taking the drive over there.
The place is just so laid back, with the giant apple-shaped apple stand on the side of the building, which used to sell candy apples and apple cider, though I haven't seen it open in some time.
Maybe I've just been arriving at the wrong time?
There's also currently a petting zoo on the other side of the building, with a coin-operated machine that dispenses feed for the animals.
Inside is your typical tiny grocery store/butcher.
They do sell many specialty items that you may not find at a regular grocery store, along with pretty much anything Apple that you can think of.
But all of that is foreplay to the main attraction: THE PIES.
They have their own little pie patrol that bakes the freshest, most delicious homemade pies, I don't think I've ever bought one that wasn't 100% fresh and amazing.
I've never really been a pie-guy, but this place is different.
And if you don't want an entire pie, they also sell slices.
Their strawberry rhubarb is amazing.
I've never Jason Biggs'd a pie before, but the s.r.
has definitely gotten a couple of suggestive glances from me.
As for the service, the employees are always very sweet, helpful, and have been known to give out free apple cider at times.
I also can't complete this review without mentioning the Apple band.
That's right, a Chuck-E-Cheese-esque Apple band is occasionally available to play on their mini-stage...you just have to catch them at the right time.
Those apple rock stars can be pretty big divas.
I signed up through a Groupon offer.
Had I paid full price, I would have given this two stars.
The place just opened up, so hopefully it will improve over time.
It is disorganized, and we waited for around ten minutes for the one staff member upstairs to help us.
I believe he was helping a customer on the phone, but it would have been best for him to have addressed us as paying customers upon our arrival (Hi.
Be with you in a few minutes.
Have a seat.)
When he  worked with us, he was helpful and tried to find games we would like.
While two folks can be assigned to a booth, I would recommend only one.
I also would recommend that he give an orientation to the whole group to save time.
Each person was given an orientation which cost us time, but we were able to stay a few minutes over, so this was less of an issue.
Finally, there is a maze activity on the same level.
I do not recommend that at all.
Some of our party tried it for five dollars a piece, and it was lame.
Just voted best community pool in Pittsburgh!
You'll find the regular pool amenities: shallow and deep ends, lap lane, diving board and snack bar.
They also have a slide, mushroom fountain, slide and ample "lawn" to sunbathe and relax.
The community "pooled" (ha ha!)
together to raise money to repair and save.
The staff is friendly, helpful and keeps the pool in tip-top shape.
Great service!
Our dog had jumped up our window when he saw a cat outside causing us to be unable to fully close the window.
We were able to get an appointment quickly and Brandon fixed it right up for us!
Would definitely recommend!
We always come here to eat on lazy Sundays.
Servers are always attentive and polite.
Pho is always yummy as usual.
Went here today for lunch and tried their hot pot, 'Lau' or whatever it's called (sorry).
It was pretty good and filling for two.
Mmmm
I'm surprise this place stays open, I assume it does good business since it's conveniently located on the strip.
take my advice and save yourself and eat somewhere else.
-they charged ridiculous prices for Mexican food.
Expect $10-15 per person for a small plate.
I order the 2 combo with rice, beans, chicken soft taco and tamale.
It was not filling, and definitely not tasty.
-chips and salsa was below par.
-the guacamole was $10!!!
for a small serving.
The waitress did not bother telling us how much it was.
-incompetent workers.
Seriously, how hard is it get hot water?
first time, you brought out cold water.
We asked for hot water.
-Don't bother asking for suggestions, their not at all familiar with their menu!
We went there fairly late in the evening, and the staff was fine with two of our party trickling in late.
The atmosphere is awesome, I'm not sure if they actually revamped an old theater or just faked it very well, but it's quite beautiful.
Totally 'date worthy' surroundings.
The 1st course salad bar had everything from heart of palm to pickled vegetables and cheeses, hot garlic mashed potatoes, wasabi potato salad, as well as the normal greens and veg.
We were really happy with the meat course - 8 different offerings.
The only one i was iffy on was the lamb, which in itself tasted good, but seemed more like it should be it's own dinner thing with some milder food to complement the heavy spicing.
It didn't really go well with the other offerings.
I love lamb, and wish they could have had something a little less wacky.
The Parmesan pork was ok, not great - a little bland.
The various beef cuts were amazing though, and I loved the garlic chicken.
Our whole party pretty much burst into laughter at the waiter 's suggestion of dessert.
Their poor pastry chef doesn't get much call for work, as I think most people do NOT save room for dessert.
The on tap list was very nice, was pleased to see Crispen cider there (as I am not much of a beer drinker), and the wine list was quite large.
Going to have to attempt a brunch sometime.
Stopped by this Dave's around 3 on a Saturday for a late lunch.
Food was awesome.
Service was great!
My husband had never been to a Dave's and said he would definitely be back.
We sat at the bar and played Keno.
My husband won $400.
Pulled Pork, Brisket, Beans are just some of our faves.
Give em a try!
Las Vegas is a :"copy cat" city.
If one show goes then all the hotels must have one like it.
The tribute shows are making the rounds ( Elvis, Neil Diamond, "Ledgends") and this tribute show to the Beatles is one of the very best in Vegas.
A real  benefit of this show is that the ticket prices are $40 -50.00.
A great value when compared to other shows with ticket prices spiraling up towards $175 -200.00
The show is presented in two parts, the first part is early Beatle tunes with the four dressed in the neru jackets.
The second half is later beatles music with the Fab Four changing into Sgt.
Pepper Lonely Hearts Club outfits.
The final song is a solo rendition of John Lennons "Imagine."
Great stuff, great music and a dynamic ending with "Imagine. "
This show gets you singing along with all the songs you know by heart - and it does not take much imagination for you to close your eyes and swear that the real Beatles are performing right in front of you.
They play their own instruments ( unlike the Monkees ) and have the songs down pat.
They even look the part.
Just really good stuff.
Well, well done.
I just wish it were a little longer.
The time just rockets by.
Try it - you'll like it ....
Enjoyed a fantastic selection of both theirs and other local brews.
Also, had an amazing PB&J Burger!!!
!
Beware the sushi...Not only is the rice extremely dry, but something about the fish is off (for the salmon, tuna, and eel).
Honestly, the premade sushi you can buy from your local supermarket is better than this and definitely fresh.
The tortillas for the tacos were by far the best part.
Delicious.
I am sure that the tacos were very authentic, but all of the dishes were a bit heavy on cilantro to me.
Next time around maybe I can ask that they hold cilantro.
I realize this next comment might sound crazy, but the Mahi was a bit too fishy to me.
In my experience, well-cooked Mahi isn't all that fishy.
Check out the queso though, and enjoy the tortillas.
Love love love!
I cannot tell you how much I love this winery.
It's right in the heart of Pittsburgh!
WAIT, better yet... right in the Strip District!
Our very own urban winery!
You must go visit their digs, I promise, you won't be sorry when you're sipping a delicious red or white!
This space is really beyond words.
As soon as you walk in you feel like you've traveled to some far away castle in a romantic foreign city.
It's dimly lit, with beautiful dark wood and a fully stocked bar waiting for you to imbibe.
They have six wines right now, but the grapes are crushed fresh in house (or at least in the presence of the winemaker, Tim), so you know they're not rushing to produce a mass amount of products, just a handful of marvelous blends!
My fave of the moment is the Malbec.
I've been really into it for a while now and really love their blend.
I honestly have had some pretty bad ones, and this is true to form.
I also think this is such a white wine type of area, I'm glad to see a place putting effort into promoting the reds.
But here's the other cool thing.
They have a downstairs area that matches the same cool vibe of the upstairs.
It's thee perfect place for an unique event.
It apparently fits around 100 and would be the perfect pick for a small reception or a hip party.
I wouldn't care what kind of event it was, I'd want to crash it here!
They also offer custom labeling, so if you ever need a unique gift this is the way to go!
This is seriously the way to go for a nice night out.
Just go for the winerific experience and leave with a happy buzz!
Coming from California, a land of a huge variety of authentic Asian cuisine, I wasn't expecting much of a Thai restaurant in this area.
But I was proven wrong.
They make some awesome curry!
The menu looks great; real good variety of dishes.
Overall, very impressed.
And since I am now living in the area will definitely keep them in mind when I feel like eating some Thai food.
Sara has been my family portrait photographer for the past 4 years and I cannot rave enough about her skill and the amazing finished product that I receive each time.
After their first session with my 2 month old I was so impressed that I vowed if I ever got married that they were going to be the ones to photograph the special day.
Fast forward to today, my daughter is almost 5 and the wedding is only 7 months away.
They were the easiest decision I made, no need to shop around.
I know for a fact that they are going to capture the day perfectly.
You can't go wrong with Love My Life, they are an easy decision.
When I saw Ike's had opened up in Mesa, I couldn't believe it.
Did my beloved sandwich shop from San Francisco that's always a must-visit actually makes it way to Mesa?
Once I verified that this was the real-deal Ike's, I started texting friends and family who share my love of Ike's with the good news.
I must confess that I haven't been to this location yet, but it's only because it's so close to my husband's work so he picks up our order.
My guy says this is the best gluten free bread he's ever had.
He almost sent back his sandwich the first time he ordered it because he thought they put it on regular bread.
He's also a fan of the vegan cheese and dirty sauce since dairy doesn't agree with him either.
Being a vegetarian, Ike's is like heaven to me.
Whenever there is more than two veggie options on a menu, I start to seize up with indecision (in the best way possible).
Their fake breaded chicken is so good.
It reminds me of the patty used in McDonald's spicy chicken sandwich (again, in the best way possible).
The vegan bacon isn't as gross as it sounds although the fake fat stripes are silly looking.
I added it to the Reading Rainbow, and it was delicious.
Marshalls always has good deals, but I hate that the store is very unorganized.
I know the store employees can't keep up with all the jerks who pick something out and then leave it in a random spot.
It seems that the Marshalls company runs with skeleton crews.
It's hard to find help in store some times.
If you want REAL, AUTHENTIC asian food, this is the place you want to go.
On the wall, you'll find their entire menu in chinese - I love the character it brings to their space!
They offer an english paper menu as well - and more "americanized" asian dishes.
We went for an early dinner and did not have to wait for a table.
We ordered our entrees and they were brought to us very quickly.
Great portion sizes and *amazing* taste.
Additionally, the staff were very nice and attentive, and we were in and out in no time at all!
This is one place that I would bring my asian grandparents to in a heartbeat.
They offer tripe, duck, and a wide variety of other dishes that make many feel right at home!
They have such good pizza.
OMG their cheesecake is to die for literally.
I think I am addicted to the cheesecake.
I had a fantastic day here.
My husband surprised me on my birthday by taking me here.
The horses are absolutely beautiful and the trail ride was really relaxing.
The people here are very kind!
This is a really great place to go on trail rides I really loved it!
Great selection and yes they have it in stock ready to go in my case.
I went to 3 other established places had selections but nothing on hand.
Either it was 2 weeks away or we only have a few boxes somewhere.
I needed over 1000 sqft.
upgraded laminate job and got it done with American quality stuff none of the overseas issues on Formaldehyde off gassing.
Thanks Ramin.
Chris is awesome!
So easy to work with, allowed us to change plans and add another club on another night.
Didn't charge us a thing.
And, the best of it all, on our last night in Vegas we chose to go to a different club (Blush), and the whole experience there was just awful.
But Chris came through when I called him at 1230am to see if he could hook us up somewhere.
Not only did he get us into Playboy and Moon at the Palms as VIPs last minute, we also got free drinks, and a complimentary limo ride there.
What a fantastic way to end our Vegas trip!
I would definitely work with Chris again and recommend him to everyone!
This is the second time I've been here with my mom.
We ordered the cold noodles, kimchi soup.
The cold Noodles were still raw, you could even bite through them.
The kimchi soup is suppose to have pork in it, and it had no meat.
But it was still okay.
The service was another thing that got me.
The waitress, she wasn't friendly at all.
She came up to our table after we were sitting here for 10 minutes, she didn't even say a word to us, just looked at my mom and myself as if we were just ready to order.
Do they normally not greet people here ?
Even if there was a language barrier, my mom speaks fluent Korean.
She could at least tried to greet us.
My water wasn't even refilled.
I've been a server at numerous places , this isn't how businesses are handled.
It was $40 dollars for lunch speical for 2 people and it didn't even taste good.
Ugh!
2 stars because we still ate the food,but taking home a lot of it.
I don't think I want to come back here though.
I was staying across the street at the Wynn and my post-Disneyland Half Marathon legs weren't really up for a lot of walking, so I suggested we check out TI for dinner.
I think the buffet at Treasure Island used to be called Dishes or something and I remembered it being pretty good.
Unfortunately, "The Buffet" as it's now known has declined quite a bit in quality.
First, all of the meats are pre-sliced which is crazy.
The slices of prime rib were totally dried out and starting to turn grey.
The turkey fared a little better, but gravy rescues pretty much everything although either the turkey or gravy was very salty.
Speaking of salty, I was curious to try the pho which was, you guessed it, super salty.
There is no salad bar here and instead you can get various salads made that looked really good - too bad no one was manning the counter.
And finally, the most ridiculous thing of all was the pre-scooped ice cream in dishes which had melted into a soup.
On the plus side, the crab legs weren't bad and I enjoyed the mini donuts and chocolate covered strawberries.
I hope this buffet gets their act together soon.
Sightly unrelated, but this was my first time at TI in a long time and I couldn't stand the smell of the casino!
They pump some weird coconut sunblock smell all over the place which is way worse than stale cigarette air.
Yuck
Amazing service and quickly completed!
Other places make me wait over an hour for an oil change or request to keep it in for longer times.
Must go, this place is in a slightly hidden location, which in a way is perfect in case you need speedy service!
It was my first time eating breakfast here and it was good.
The croissant was just like the ones in Paris with a touch of sweetness on top.
I had the croissant breakfast sandwich and it was good.
The ham was not warm but it was tasty.
The mocha cafe was one of the best I had.
I will be returning for more.
First visit here!
Won't be the last!!
Bier was Amazing, food was Amazing and service (Beth) was Amazing ++!
Great fun environment and felt very authentic.
Horrible place to watch the NFL playoffs!!
With about 25 tv's they only have 5 tv's with the game on.
Thought this is supposed to be.
Sports bar!!
Not coming here again to watch any NFL games.
Even asked the younger owner and he wouldn't change the tv's or put the sound on to at least here the game.
Frightful experience.
The front staff was very unhelpful and gave me the wrong results and when I pointed out that I was given the results for the wrong hip, they gave me the run around and insisted they had done the reading on the correct side.
Absolutely no concern for the patient and told me to drag myself over to my primary care and have them sort it out.
My primary care doctor was appalled and promptly had the receptionist call them to insist they re-process the results on the correct hip STAT!
If you have any work done at this place, make sure you double check the results.
Good thing they're not surgeons - gulp!
Anna is AMAZING at what she does!
After a very frustrating battle over many months with David's Bridal (the devil) and other bridal shops in town, I ended up at Bridalxoxo.
Anna was very sweet and comforting.
She found a dress that suit me perfectly AND added an illusion neckline.
I could not have been more pleased!!
!
Gelato.
The only places I've tried are Angel Sweet and the place next to Lee Lee's.
This place is decent.
There isn't much of a flavor selection compared to what I'm used to at the aforementioned places, and to be quite honest, this was a slight issue.
WHERE IS MY MANGO?!?
I had to settle for Strawberry Sorbet and some chocolate.
The strawberry sorbet was more like a smoothie or something, kind of unappealing.
The chocolate was pretty good, and I think I might be down to try some cookies n cream next time.
I guess if you're in the area and want some gelato, check this place out.
If you want the best and a large variety... :)
I was told by Jason that the dim sum menu will begin Valentine's Day!
Can't wait to try it then.
Spent over $30 trying to order a new 52 comic book with a hard cover from this store.
I attempted to cancel this order via phone today during business hours with nobody answering at all, three weeks after placing this order with nothing to show for it.
When I arrived to the store in person to cancel the request, they claimed it could not be done; their reasoning was nobody would ever buy the hard cover of this book, at a COMIC BOOK store.
This comment was than followed up with the idea of getting a fraction of the money back as store credit...

Got the same hardcover book for 12 dollars on Amazon in two days.
My bank agreed, I had every right to not process the transaction due to lack of service, and it was canceled on my behalf and determined to be fraud.
I decided to try this place based on the reviews.
I had an appointment at 2 and had to wait until 2:30 to start which is fine because my nails ended up looking good.
I was probably in the salon for 2 hrs and all I got was an acrylic fill so it felt a little slow.
Also, it cost $50 which was more than I normally pay for that service.
In the end, I love my nails but don't think I'll be back because I've been to other salons in Scottsdale that I like a little better.
Really like this place.
I would give it 3 and half stars.
The atmosphere was good-- good vibes, also they played a really good selection of music as someone has already mentioned before.
My friend and I went there for drinks.
We actually stumbled upon this place by accident.
We we're suppose to (I think) bar hop but just ended up staying at this place we liked it so much.
For a Sunday night the place was pretty full and happening.
Would definitely come back to try their food and just chill.
THE dim sum place of the West side.
Also where most (especially traditional) Asians will hold their wedding or celebratory banquets, due to size and well liked food.
Delicious!
Great location!
Awesome patio!
Visited for the first time, after stumbling upon it as we were walking through cityscape and made the best choice by picking Chico Malo!
We started with the Guacamole with the Pomegranate in it and it was AMAZING!
It was very difficult to chose a drink off the menu because they all sounded great but I chose the Paraiso Tropical and it was to die for!
The service was just ok.
It wasn't terribly busy or anything either but what they lacked in service, they made up for in quality of food and great atmosphere!
Definitely will be back!
This place was pretty clean.
The service was pretty quick because the place was pretty empty.
The large bowl WAS super huge.
I couldn't finish the large.
There was a nice chalk board to back to write a quote.
They were playing some old school drake.
I didn't know what radio station that was but that had some good Acai near by my casino from the Red Rock Casino.
Terrible interaction with the local community.
Let me start by clarifying an inaccurate statement, Blue Martini does not take reservations on Sunday night.
They actually are attempting to change a Bar Restaurant into a Night Club on Sunday nights.
Neo-Soul, a promotion company operating on Sunday's has increased their visceral attitude toward anyone not willing to pay 300 dollars for a  bottle service on Sundays.
On Sunday August 7, 2016, I visited the Blue Martini as I always do several times a month.
During my visits I normally spend  around 100 dollars.
After checking online banking I discovered that I have spent approximately 500 dollars since mid May.
Yesterday I ordered chicken wings and a cocktail around 730pm.
I waited 45 minutes for my wings.
I look forward to eating BM wings on Sunday since it is the only day that I eat Chicken.
Half way through my chicken wings a Neo soul representative came over to where I was sitting with a retired engineer.and a VA Nurse.
The unknown Neo soul promoter described as early 30's, black male, bald head and bow tie, failed to introduce himself.
The first thing out of his mouth was "Other women are wondering why you have a stool to eat your dinner with.
He further stated, I have to ask you if either of you two are disabled" (he clearly was the one to ask about disabilities)..
I was embarrassed that he would stand by with a security officer while I ruffled through my purse in the dark for 3 minutes.
I assumed he would be allowing me a reasonable accommodation after forcing me to reveal my disability and showing my credentials.
Instead he was throwing me out of my stool and escorting me way in the back where they hid chairs for Profit.
The promoters actions were consistent with some one without knowledge of Restaurant Regulations.  "
if a patron orders food from a bar that patron should be afforded a proper bar stool".
Meaning,If a patron orders food from a Blue Martini Bartender at a bar and pays for the meal a bar stool,and proper eating utensils  MUST be provided.
Blue Martini can't profit from a customer and then not provide a stool in order for Neo Soul to increase it profits.
The Neo Soul rep. appeared surprised when I produced my Armed forces Veterans disability ID as if he was not expecting that.
I explained to him I was a Desert Storm Veteran and retired from the armed forces and Las Vegas Metro.
He then told me to grab my half eaten chicken wings in order to place me out of the way in the back.
I was not going to pay several hundred dollars for a bottle service and chicken wings to hear the same band so that I could sit down for ten minutes to eat.
I asked him if there was an emergency and why I could not eat my last two chicken wings.
I explained that it would not be unreasonable to allow a disabled veteran to finish two wings and then move.
He said "Let's take the disabled veteran out of it".
I asked why when he was the one that interjected the disability as a prerequisite to a bar stool which is inconsistent with restaurant  practices.
It is also unsanitary to drag your food around in the dark .
The Neo Soul rep also felt it necessary to have a Blue Martini Security officer stand by as a "Show of Force."
We took this as excessive, embarrassing and humiliating because it was for profit.
Neo Soul felt  it necessary to interrupt my dinner  so that Neo could increase profits.
Neo Soul is confusing Blue Martini with nightclub practices.
Neo Soul and Blue Martini's failure to fallow guidelines of restaurant/Bar have generated a multitude of complaints.
Lastly, He continued to make the situation worse by making me stand and eat my remaining two wings.
Neo Soul claim that by removing seats people are able to get to the bar to order drinks easier are 
false.
The first bar where more then 25-35 bar stools remain, individuals are allowed to eat and drink around the bar with a proper bar stool.
Secondly, at 815 pm there appeared to be about 5 people at the bar on this particular night.
Lastly,the stool that was taken from me was moved to a small high table where 3 dancers immediately occupied the table.
The entire scene was mishandled and escalated by the Neo Soul rep.
The rep who hides dozens of chairs from restaurant goers was unnecessary and purely for profit.
I would like to reiterate the fact that,  You absolutely cannot make reservations.
This entire "rigged system"  is sit up to increase the profits of the unprofessional Neo Soul reps desperate to make more money.
I asked  to speak with a Manager at this point.
This manager can only be described as stocky, Latino with a neatly trimmed beard.
He was extremely professional and apologized for the behavior of the Neo Soul representative's behavior.
He further stated that Neo Soul Rep was unprofessional and to contact Scotty M immediately.
Additionally, he offered to purchase my chicken wings and I said "thank you but If you could give us some drink tickets instead.
I needed ink for my printer and just took a chance and stopped at the local store on S. Eastern in Henderson, near the Target anchor store.
Young lady helped me.
She was great.
Then I asked some questions about the purchase of a desk top computer and she gave me full attention and customer service.
I will be back again.
This was our second experience at Mastro's and it was better than the first.
I am a fan and would highly recommend.
Samantha was our server and she hit all the high points.
Her attention to detail and insightful explanations make this restaurant a GoTo place in Las Vegas.
Thank you
Awesome store,  tons of stuff you haven't seen in years!!!!
Great staff, fun trip down memory lane.
All of this and cheaper than Game stop.
Check em out!
Great atmosphere.
The food is mediocre.
Not bad.
But there's other places out there better.
I went for my appointment and was acknowledged right away.
My stylist is the owner (I'm sorry - I forget your name - Naia?)
and she was nice, fun, very personable and just the right amount of chatty.
She gave me a lovely new style which everyone likes and I love.
I would definitely recommend this very clean, very professional, and very upbeat salon.
Everything about this place is awesome... the ambiance, the wine selection, the food, and service... if u r looking for a perfect date....or trying to impress... brunch, lunch, or dinner... this is the spot
Slow service.
Neglected our table repeatedly.
Food came out cold and drinks were delayed by 20-30 minutes.
We have been going to this particular Home Depot since 1989.
The customer service in every single department is top notch.
Specifically, we had an issue yesterday where we needed help immediately with our vehicle.
We had run over what we thought was paint on the freeway.
Several employees grabbed different products off the shelves, along with some rags and headed for the parking lot.
They worked on trying different solvents to find one that worked.
While working on it, they realized it wasn't paint, but instead, roofing epoxy.
So, once they discovered what worked to remove it, they donated all of the supplies to us so we could go home and finish the job!
We are so grateful to Albert and his team for all of their help yesterday.
We knew we loved out local Home Depot!
I like being given a choice of rice/noodles/vegetables or a combination of 2.
The turnover of dishes is fast at the time, so the food is hot and fresh.
The vegetables are crispy, not limp and overcooked.
The food is tasty too.
Kitchen items/appetizers now limited to 3 orders per person.
It used to be unlimited, along with all the thinly sliced beef, pork, and sliced chicken, seafood (including crab legs and shrimp), veggies that you can DIY cook in the hot pot at your table.
But for what you are getting and what they are charging, it is still a good value proposition.
Come on, for $20 a person without the hassle of getting all the ingredients yourself and the cleaning up afterwards, totally worth it!
I first came to Shabu Grill all the way to this section of LV because of an UYE hosted by Debbie N.  The event was a resounding success, and we pretty much got to try as much of their menu as we were able to stuff down our faces.
So when a guys night out event was recently organized at this very same location, it was a no brainer for me.
The food is still very good, the service was just as attentive, and the experience just as positive.
The restaurant even accommodated us with extra portable hot pot setups, so 2 instead of 4 or 5 people shared each hot pot.
It just worked out better for us.
The main reason I like this place is the fact that everything for the shabu shabu portion of the dining experience is DIY, including getting the ingredients from the refrigerated cooler nearby.
I love the fact that I can get as little or as much of something, instead of being forced to finished big plates of one item before I can order more or something else.
The DIY sauce and condiments bar is pretty cool.
Not as extensive as comparable restaurants in SoCal, but you get to customize your dipping sauces as wonderfully or not so fantastically as your creativity and inner toque wearing chef would allow.
But it is pretty hard to score a TOTAL FAIL in this minor endeavor, so relax and just have a go at it.
The important thing is to have fun and enjoy this interactive meal solo, but preferably with a small group of friends.
I would totally go back, especially when the weather is still very nippy in the evening.
Note:  There is a "bar" in the front when you walk in, but they do NOT serve alcohol at this establishment.
But if you have room for some beer or other adult beverages, there is a PT in the same strip mall.
Review #2 of 2014
my favorite is Okinawa MT or Rose MT, Lychee Peachy has been homies favorite.
And I've gotten 3 completed stamp cards from here...
So enough said, just go try it lol
Great food and good pricing.
Food is made fresh everyday!
Everyone is nice and really comfortable environment.
Again only 4 stars cuz i havent tried the food yet but excellent martini lychées!!
Excellent service...super chill ambiance despite being a bit more on the chic side...apparently they have a roof terrace so totally coming back here later in the summer to take advantage of that!
Husband went to get us some food to go from here last night.
Burgers were tasty, our steak fries were overcooked and had no salt or seasoning on them.
Zucchini rounds were tempura fried and just ok. We also had an order of boneless wings and those were pretty good.
Love shake shack.
Came here the first day they opened and have been coming back since.
To reviewers complaining about having to wait....you're lucky it's only an hour.
Some locations are way more.
Also those complaining about costs, you're getting SOMETHING BETTER THAN MCDONALDS.
Seriously.
Get the shack burger.
Skip the new bacon shackburger.
Any of the shakes are great.
Strawberry is my fave.
Dos Mas has to be one of the worst Mexican food restaurants we have ever been to.
So where do I begin, we got the menu and there was not much of a selection.
So we decided to order from the appetizer side and had the Mini Chimis, rice, beans anda quesadilla.
The server brought us some chips and salsa.
The chips tasted like old oil and the salsa was clumpy and watery.
We got our quesadilla and Mini Chimis.
The Mini Chimis had no flavor unless you call the taste of oil flavor.
The beans also had no flavor and the rice was under cooked.
I would like to say the only thing there that did taste good was the water but that was before the server put her finger in my cup to refill it.
Can't say that we will ever make it back there..
Boo!
I was excited to use my groupon for this nearby salon in upscale Dana Park, unfortunately I was quite disappointed.
My first visit I waited on my hairdresser well past my appointment time and was disgusted that the previous client's hair was still on the floor around my chair as well as on the chair.
Then I was covered with a dirty apron, also covered in hair.
I decided to give them a second chance and again was disappointed.
I struggled making an appointment and when the receptionist finally offered an available appointment I was told that they could not take any groupons for that day.
I did finally get an appointment and when I showed up, I was told my appointment was for days later!
Then the hairdresser said I couldn't be accommodated because she had paperwork to do.!?
Too much drama, hassle, and lack of professionalism.
My fave vape shop.
Always accommodates me they run out products and they list my number down shoots me a txt once they have stock and i go straight there this vape shoo is roughly 25-30 minuted away from my house and i still go and take the drive to get to this place .
I buy all my vape needs.
And my favorite
 juice i can only buy here
This is by far the best coffee I have ever had.
The owner goes to great lengths to get the highest quality beans he can find and it shows in each cup they brew.
They roast the beans on site and take great care with each batch.
The cafe itself is cute but the patio is very special.
I think the complex used to house art galleries and the patio reflects that.
Cosy, eccentric vibe.
Check it out.
Before I get to the reason for the 1 star review let me give you a little bit of background.
I "Yelped" banh mi sandwiches for Phoenix last night because I was craving one and wanted to find out what Yelpers out there think are the best.
I was a bit surprised to see Reathrey on the list as they are not a Vietnamese restaurant, but having patronized the restaurant at least a half dozen times, I decided to read through the reviews.
My boyfriend and I originally went to the restaurant after reading the glowing article in Phoenix Magazine.
Our first visit there was pretty uneventful.
We ordered the Mi Keaw soup, spring rolls and the crepe (which by the way was served slightly burned with that side facing down- but I never complain about my food and ordered it again on later visits).
My only real complaint that first evening was the incredibly uncomfortable bench seating.
On subsequent visits we opted for the tables in the center of the space.
I have tried a number of different things on the menu and while having no other Cambodian food to compare it to I find it to be just meahhh.
My boyfriend on the other hand loves the Mi Keaw soup and has ordered it as take out a number of times and is the reason for our repeat business.
In my opinion the Pho at many valley Vietnamese restaurants is much tastier.
Okay - back to the reason for the one star review.
So here I was reading through the reviews when I started coming across the owner's incredibly RUDE, SARCASTIC, CONDESCENDING, DISRESPECTFUL and downright UNACCEPTABLE responses to his less than stellar reviews.
I have three words for you GET OVER YOURSELF!!!
I don't care if you are running a Michelan star rated restaurant (which CLEARLY you are not) that type of disgusting behavior will run your business into the ground.
I, for one, will be spreading the word and NOT in a good way.
Sincerely,
A very disappointed EX-patron
I have nothing but great things to say about Brew Tea Bar.
Hands down one of the BEST Boba places in Vegas.
I've been here so many times that they know me by name.
I've tried their milk teas, slushes, hot tea, & crepes.
You can't go wrong with getting anything from here.
I will say that the salted foam that they put in some of their drinks is an acquired taste that I have not yet acquired.
But, that's just me though.
They have a stamp card too so you can get a free drink after you buy 10.
I easily went through 2 or 3 of those cards.
:)
This last year, I finally saved up for the down payment on a car.
I needed one very badly, having been using a relative's vehicle for several months, but that they now needed back.
I had planned ahead and done my research, and wanted a Ford CMax Hybrid.
My work offered a discount/cash-back deal through Cars.com, so I submitted the request and my info was sent to Berge.
My plan was to take advantage of the 4th of July weekend specials.
I was almost immediately sent an email from a salesman named Chris.
He wanted to know what I was looking for in a vehicle.
I replied right away with the details...
But the only email address given was a generic one, nothing direct.
There was no response.
A few days later, he sent me another email, this time with a map to the dealership, but with no indication my reply was received.
I replied back, asking for some quotes, but again got no response.
I was anxious with the impending July 4th weekend, but held hope I could still make contact.
I decided to call.
Unfortunately, the only number he gave me was his personal cell.
That Friday after work, I called and was immediately sent to voicemail.
I got a text saying he was at dinner, but would return my call.
I left a voicemail explaining that I badly needed a car, either from him or someone else at the dealership, and that he hasn't actually replied to my emails (maybe he forgot to check the general inbox?)
and I asked him to call me  back ASAP.
I really needed the July 4th specials.
The weekend came and went, no reply from Chris.
Frustrated, I went to a different dealership in Scottsdale and worked with wonderful people, and that next weekend negotiated a deal on a beautiful CMax that made up for missing out on both the holiday weekend deals and the cash-back deal through my work.
TWO WEEKS LATER Chris emails me to say their servers were out of commission, which is why he didn't get my emails, and he would love to help me into a car (this all being said in poor spelling and no caps or punctuation ).
My brother was a car salesman for awhile, so I have a pretty good idea how it goes.
I was only given his personal cell number so he could make sure he got my sale instead of anyone else.
I'm also an IT student, so I have a very hard time believing their servers were down for two whole weeks.
Either they have the worst tech support in the history of ever, or I was put off so I wouldn't have to be offered a holiday deal.
Plus, what, did you not check your voicemail??
My experience here was beyond unprofessional.
I'm glad, now, that I went where I did for my car.
Berge only saw my business as a number.
I will never shop with them.
Since moving to the area we've been here a number of times.
The place impressed me at first, however lately it seen the food has become a bit normal and giving you the wow factor.
Sushi is decent not great, and the hot food is ok.
I'd pass this one by until they updated the inside and maybe add or change the menu a bit.
I highly recommend coming here ONLY during the lunch buffet.
It is a pretty good value and always delicious.
Fresh naan is served upon arrival and the buffet always offers some type of chicken curry or masala and tandoori chicken,palak paneer, veggie curries, salad, sometimes goat curry and a few other options.
It also has Chai, but it isn't good.
I don't recommend coming for dinner.
The menu is a la carte and a bit pricey for what you get.
The portion sizes are very small and you don't get any rice or naan.
We ordered a goat curry dish and chicken curry dish and there was only about 5-6 pieces of meat in the dish servings.
They ran about $13-15 too!
We expected a lot more for that price.
I think rice and/or naan should come standard with dishes here (especially in that price range).
The service is always spectacular and super friendly.
First time ordering from here, but was VERY disappointed.
Delivery took almost an hour,  but I can forgive that on a Friday night.
Food was generally terrible,  but maybe I just ordered poorly.
Summary of my order:
Tofu Pad Thai - bland and awful even with medium spiciness
Crab Rangoon (cheese wontons) - not terrible, very cream cheesy.
I prefer China One for theirs.
Egg rolls - strange filling  (I wasn't a fan)
Pot Stickers - Fair, but dry by the time they were delivered to me.
This business is amazing.
I was almost finished painting my bedroom when I spilled the remaining pint on my carpet.
We called and Sandy answered- immediately told us what to do with the situation and said found us a technician to come out within an hour and a half.
She was so sweet and helpful especially when we were freaking out a little bit.
The technician gave me tips on keeping the carpet cleaned and got all of the paint out.
He was prompt, professional and I wish I had cash so that I could have tipped him!
Highly recommend this business, and will be using them from here on out for their services.
From the service to the food this place is always on point.
My favorite is the gyro plate with rice and a salad with their special made creamy dressing.
Ooo and do not forget the homemade hot sauce!
I absolutely love this place.
We frequent this place at least three times a month since moving to Vegas in April.
I would eat here daily if I could, yep it is that good.
In a world gone mad there is very little someone can hold on to as true, as right, as constant.
Rex Marvin is that person.
Rex Marvin's search for the greatest food and the most huffable gasoline makes him the tragic figure that in literature would get the girl, save the day, and have the most severed heads in jars in his basement (if it was a Disney book).
The good news people, is that all of those things in real life are true.
If you consider a graveside ditch near the freeway to be a "basement".
Rex does.
Recently, Rex was accosted for no reason.
Rex and his woman, Three Legged Midget Maggie, were minding our own business.
Rex was casually tossing TLMM up in the air until she was able to grab onto a ledge and let herself in.
Rex tossed her and she didn't come down.
A sure sign that TLMM has accomplished her mission.
Rex turns around to have 4 metro cops staring at him.
They were big.
They were not smiling.
Rex decided to break the ice.
Rex asked "How many buy one get one free garden hose or industrial blacktop sealant coupons does it take to get 4 cops to walk away and pretend like they saw nothing?"
The next thing Rex knew he saw flashes of light.
Rex smiled.
Darkness.
Rex woke up on the floor of a squad car while the cops talked about the loser they beat and were taking into custody.
It must have been someone else.
Rex's left eye was shut but he saw that they had stopped at a gas station.
They talked about food.
They were getting gas station pasta.
The smaller one looked back to check on Rex, and said that he was in the mood for "frozen noodles in sauce".
Rex closed his eyes and tried not to vomit at the idea.
He felt with his food that the back door wasn't closed all the way.
Rex dislocated his wrists, slipped off the cuffs, and pushed the door open...and much like the time Rex woke up in Candice Bergen's bedroom...he was out before something that could never been taken back happened.
Not going to jail...no Rex can do hard time...but smelling heated frozen pasta is something that Rex will not endure.
Rex has endured more than most.
Remember, Rex lived in drag as Jodi Foster's lesbian lover for 3 years...Rex HAS ENDURED!
Still everyone has a line not to cross.
One of Rex's is frozen pasta...the other is participating in the underground black market 8 track tape racket...lucrative, but Rex only needs to lose 3 toes to know that some money just isn't worth it.
Rex has brains.
Rex needed to cleanse himself from the memory of that awful experience...so Rex ran.
He crawled.
He climbed into someone's trunk.
He eventually reached the closest place he could find...Manhattan Pizza.
It is in a strip mall behind a bank and near a place that sells fancy popcorn, and none of that bodes well...but ignore the warning signs and go in.
There are a few staples in an Italian restaurant, and one of them is the Chicken Parm.
If you can't make a lights out Chicken Parm then you should close your doors.
Manhattan makes a very good one.
The chicken is tender, the batter is crispy, the mozzarella is good and the sauce is great.
Their red sauce is excellent.
Just the right amount of garlic and acidity.
The pasta is always cooked well, never over cooked and mushy.
The next is meatballs.
Manhattan makes a very good meatball; it is almost all meat and no unnecessary fillers.
Lastly, can it make a pizza...a great pizza...and Manhattan...excels!
Rex is more the New York style pizza kind of man.
If you like a doughy crust, you are a hick, and this place might not be for you.
They do put a lot of toppings on it, and that is a good thing.
The truth about Manhattan is the same truth people say about Rex Marvin...almost everything is good.
There isn't too much Rex hasn't tried he didn't like.
The fried foods are all good, with a nod to the mozzarella sticks.
The pastas are all good and have good sauces.
The Alfredo could have some more parmesan cheese in it for Rex's taste, but you shake some more on and it is good.
The prices are too high.
Period.
The food is good, but Rex finds himself not going because for the same amount of money there are better options.
If they dropped the prices Rex would eat there a lot more.
There are a lot worse places to go than Manhattan especially for the pizza.
They do a very good job at New York style pizza, not perfect but a very good job.
They obviously care and try hard to make a quality product.
Sometimes they succeed better than others, but it is never awful.
Rex can appreciate that.
Just like Three Legged Midget Maggie, sometimes it takes a few throws, but she always tries.
She always gives an effort...and in the end of the day...that means something.
Rex doesn't know what it means, but it means something.
Mahattan isn't Rex's first choice.
It isn't even his second or third, but in a pinch it is good.
It is really a 2 1/2 star place.
Order right, catch it on the right night, it can be very good.
Normally it is just above good.
For the money, you can do better than good.
Great breakfast!
Sunrise special: two eggs, a pile of bacon, hash browns and toast just $5.99.
Tasted better than Bob Evans breakfast.
I  will be back!
So..... - they sold me a car with a bad clutch - the car only had 40k miles - took it back a couple weeks later when I started noticing it, I noticed it the first day I had it, but was like "maybe it just delays a little, it has such low miles" - nope - bad clutch - service told me it was going to be $160 to look at it - I talked to the salesman and finance - they blew me off like nothing - So I drove it as long as I could with a screwed up clutch - the clutch was $1200+ to fix at the dealer - I got it done at a local shop for just over $1000... #1 I and nobody I know will every buy a car from them again - #2 that is what I get for buying a foreign piece of crap - I will only buy American or Toyota (they are mostly made in the U.S. anyways) - Oh and free car washes??
- yeah if you have an hour or so to wait
Stopped in for late lunch, and my son & I agree, this was freshest tasting pizza we've had in a long while!
The girls working here are extremely nice, waited on us, refilled drinks, and cleaned up our table when we were done, and kept smiles on their faces the whole time.
Place is kept very clean too.
I'd definitely recommend!
Brought my car in to the dealership (Toyota Autonation) to get my brake pads changed and rotors resurfaced and they charged me a little over $400 on top of trying to hit me with more things I should have done to my car under their care, I also had it appointment with them and it still took them 5+ hours.
I decided to not get ripped for my wife's car (same brake change) so I took it to H-Tech Auto and was charged under a fraction of the what the dealership charged me for the same service AND it took only and hour to do not what seemed like half the day at Toyota Autonation.
This is the best place to take your car for servicing, but where ever you decide to take your car, just don't bring it to any dealerships ESPECIALLY Toyota Autonation, unless of course you like getting ripped off.
Good place to go and eat.
But the meat was a bit dry, but that might be because we waited a while before ate the food.
The taste was really good.
I think it would have been better if we sat in the restaurant and ate.
I definitely would go back to get some more food here.
Love this place.
One of best food bar for sports and conversation.
The staff is awesome.
Good people and good vibes.
I highly recommend this wing stop.
A++++
It's Dollar Tree.
Everything is a dollar!
Ya get what ya get.
Low stock on a lot of shelves.
Also disorganized and some crowded aisles with boxed product that had yet to be shelved.
Honestly the looks the girls give my fiancé and myself when we come in for each appointment is disgusting, to feel judged and looked at a certain way for absolutely no reason bugs me to no end, they don't know my life they don't know her life they don't know our ages or one single thing about either of us, to add on to that we have had 3 reschedules for 2 appointments now, 2 reschedules for one single appointment in which we were pushed out one week further and again one week further until they got their stuff figured out and can successfully schedule a consistent appointment schedule, we had our first ultrasound today and the woman who did the ultrasound was just an angry woman in which you are putting your trust in to measure and check your babies health and anatomy, she was rude to my fiancé when my fiancé was asking one simple question she replied with I need to focus right now, just let me do these measurements, to add to this whole ordeal, the environment of this office is just not good at all, who watches murder shows on TV with children present in the lobby and blood and gore all over the screen?
We were anxiously anticipating an answer on the blood work we did from our last appointment and was not given a single answer and why you ask?
Because they showed that we missed our appointment to get it done and we were told that we needed to get it done ASAP, well if you guys actually communicated to the lab office and did your paperwork correctly you would have seen that we went in a did do the lab work just as you told us to do so, we do our part as parents and are consistent with our things in life, don't try to blame us for missing an appointment to get the most important lab work done, which was testing for Down syndrome and other birth defects, would have really loved to know the results to the blood work for our first child.
Thanks!
One last thing, to the girl who has the short black hair at the front desk and the dermal on her neck who keeps giving myself and my fiancé dirty looks, if you don't like what you do then get a different job and quit staring you may be unhappy but don't make everyone's life as miserable as yours, all of these reviews speak for themselves I would suggest going somewhere else, ANYWHERE else than this place, I would avoid this place at all costs, save yourself the headaches and anger from the disrespectful girls at the front desk
Home style food was a nice change.
Didn't have to wait for a table on a Sunday afternoon.
I'm not sure if I enjoyed their appetizers as much as the entree.
Everything was really oily.
The pizza small is a good size for one.
We ate here about a month ago, on a Friday night.
Unfortunately, we had just missed their happy hour pricing.
I'm not a sushi (or seafood) person so I tried to go in with an open mind since I was the only one in our group who didn't eat sushi.
They all loved most of the choices of the rolls they got, the only exception was the appetizer that was ordered.
For the price, it was NOT worth it!
Was maybe 4 bites worth of food.
There was one other sushi roll that wasn't worth the price but I do not remember which one it was.
Other than those two things, the rolls were awesome and they almost couldn't finish everything.
Since I don't eat seafood, I got the chicken katsu.
I do believe that it was overpriced for what you got ($14 for 1 chicken breast, a little rice, soup, and a tiny salad) BUT, it was delicious!
We are planning on going back to celebrate my husband's birthday there this weekend and I can't wait to order the katsu again and he's looking forward to the Vegas, Dragon, and Blue Flame rolls.
Short version- good options if you don't eat seafood, awesome sushi rolls but go during happy hour, somewhat overpriced but not enough to keep us away for right now
How can this place still be open !!!!
I order a large ox tail $16.
Plus tax .
To start off food was warm looks  like food inspector  hasn't been there for a while .
A few pieces  of meat that was very plan tasting.
Worst that I've ever had .
There was no spice bottle around  .
There a great place just on 10  or sure what made me even go there .
I blame YELP for my bad decision .
See picture  of my shiny oxtail 
.
We got the chicken club and the prime rib dip!!!
French fries and side salad!!
It was yummy!!!!!!
:) Only problem was not a kids menu.
They will make a few items for the kids!!!
The chicken tenders...
The kids did not like them... Not your normal kid friendly kid coating!!
!
Joe, Mindy and Terry were so helpful and friendly.
Great affordable but elegant wedding venue for ceremony and reception.
I didn't know a place like this in Phoenix even existed with all the trees and rustic house.
I've been here a few times before and thought it was decent.
A friend is moving out of state and we were gathering for a good bye party for her.
I worked a very long day but made a special effort to get to the party at OP.
I did have my 2 yr old tot on my hip as I didn't get to see him since he woke up this morning and his bedtime wasn't far off, so I didn't want leave him with a sitter and therefore not see him at all.
I wasn't planning on staying long.
When I asked the hostess about the party that I knew was already seated, she informed me I couldn't go in since I had my son.
She said they have a strict no one under 21 policy at all hours.
I read a review from January that mentioned  kids, and they don't say that on their website, but ok.
I explained the situation, and asked her if I might just visit the table to drop off the card and let my friend know that I couldn't stay.
She said no.
No offer to take the card in for me, no offer to let my friends know that I was outside and not allowed in, just simply no.
And so, that will be my last visit there.
Update: the GM reached out to my friend who booked the party, and then mailed me a personal letter of apology and a gift card.
Went there after the first of the year, received great service, the food was wonderful.
Nice change from the prior visit.
A while back I reviewed this restaurant, and just went there for lunch today with my friend Keith.
As always, the food is so fresh and delicious.
I had the Asian Pear and Goat Cheese salad, and Keith had the Poke Salad and a sushi roll (not sure what it was).
All were beautifully displayed, and tasted amazing.
As always, the service is impeccable and prompt.
Very romantic for dinner, and a bit lighter for lunch.
If you are looking for a modern style Japanese restaurant with super fresh and beautiful food, try this place, you won't be disappointed!
I haven't been to this place in years, although it's painfully and tauntingly close to home.
Reason being that the service sucked, and the food was marginal.
But, Ari was closed last week when I had an afternoon craving, so I thought I'd give EE another chance.
BIG mistake and waste of $25.
I order tempura and sushi to go.
The sushi was beyond aromatic (smelly) and the seaweed wraps were so stale, I couldn't get my canines to rip through it to even chew the food.
The tempura was made in what seemed like pancake batter, it was so heavy and unappealing.
How hard is it to screw up something fried?
Ask EE.
Basically ended up taking a bite of everything, and then throwing all of it out.
Never again.
The first time I was at El Cafecito, I wasn't all too impressed.
I remembered a number of dead wasps or flies on the windowsill beside me.
Ever since then, I dreaded going back.
It was not pleasant being in a cafe that wasn't so clean (chilling with the wasps, does that sound like a good cafe experience to you?).
But second time was the charm when I came in, impressed with how full the cafe was.
The previous year I went, there were a lot fewer customers.
However, despite being full, the cafe was quiet as people worked away or kept their nose behind the newspaper.
And no more bugs on the windowsill!
Yayy!
To get in touch with its Latin American roots, El Cafecito offers dancing lessons after the cafe closes down and changes the place into a dance floor.
They have tango every Wednesday and salsa every Thursday between 7 PM to 10/11 PM.
So if you are looking for something new to try, why not with some fun dance lessons to bring out your inner dancing queen/king?
With some coffee on the side of course.
Overall, I think this is a sweet place for people who would like to study or work in peace but still be surrounded by people (does that make sense?).
It's one of the reasons why I whole-heartedly love cafes: in order to work with an environment full of people.
Despite it being full, for this trip and the one I did after, it was as quiet as the library, except for the light instrumental music in the background.
The staff here are so friendly and happy it's impossible to leave in a bad mood.
Huge portions of a variety of vegetables for a cheap price.
Everything on the menu is delicious!
By far the best vegetarian joint in the city.
WORST SERVICE EVER .
AVOID AVOID AVOID 

I came here for my birthday dinner and made a reservation for 10 .when we arrived we got two tables one got all you can eat and another got the woonam and couple choice.
Each one you can choose 3 meats and get soy bean soup.
So while we were ordering our meats ( that was available on both sections ) she was saying how we choose too much from one list , so we ordered 4 meats and two portions of two of them.
- we asked for water, received it after 20 minutes of asking and we never saw them again 
-asked for soybean paste never got it 

As we started getting full I noticed that we had only gotten one soy bean soup and nothing else, later when I had to go pay I asked about our soups and she said "oh, you didn't get it, I guess I left it at the wrong table " like wtf?
not even an apologize.
After we received the check and people pulled out cards and cash she started to sigh and look annoyed so I just paid and left.
It wasn't until after we paid and left we realized we never got one of the meats.
This is out raging how horrible the service is , the food was good but it can't make up for how horrible the service was .
Way over price for the entree.
Too much msg !
Got so thirsty afterwards.
Sad that we don't have a decent pho places in the north Scottsdale area.
I went to their pizza "rodizio" yesterday, which is happening every Thursday of this month.
For those who still don't know what a rodizio is, I'm saving you a Google search: you pay an amount and waiters keep bringing you food until you say you're full or you explode, whatever happens first.
I was expecting to eat just pizza, but they had a small pasta and salad buffet that was included in the price of $20/person.
The lasagna was awesome - of course I didn't try everything because I was there for the pizza, after all.
The pizza slices are smaller than normal so you can try many different kinds.
The "Portuguese" (ham, cheese, egg, peas and onions) and the four cheese (mozzarella, parmesan, gorgonzola and catupiry) were the best ones, in my opinion.
Please, go ahead and make your reservation.
You won't be sorry.
Today was my first time at firehouse!
Never have been before and decided to check it out.
Cool atmosphere, clean and I love the firehouse theme!
The staff was very friendly and food was out super quick!
I ordered the medium beef and cheddar brisket sub- delicious!
Everything was very fresh!
I drive  by here all the time but never stopped!
I definitely will be back!
Great atmosphere.
Good food.
Big Blue Van beer has a great blueberry flavor.
The Texan and Patty melt are delicious.
I have loved this place ever since it opened.
I've never had a bad drink here, and I find it fascinating to watch the incredibly hipster staff make them with so much attention to detail.
I love the way they serve you a glass of bubbly when you first get in.
I also really enjoy the food - you should definitely consider ordering snacks to go with your cocktails!
They rotate the menu so it's hard to keep up but everything has been delicious.
What keeps me from giving it 5 stars?
The prices.
The price of even standard drinks (e.g.
a gin and tonic) is a little high for my liking.
I would come here all the time if it were just a tad less expensive!
I still come here at least once a month because I just can't resist.
Stayed here again June 21-24.
Elevators are fixed.
Most rooms updated.
I really like this hotel :)
Tried it for the first time, I got the 2 tenders with fries, came by fast.
You dont order through a soeaker, someone comes out and takes your order.
The girl who took my order was extremely nice.
Everything was great!
i will add, the tenders were a bit salty, but still good!
What a awesome meal!
The chicken pastina was served hot and serving size was big, enough for 2 meals.
The lasagne was a large portion and perfect temperature!!
The atmosphere was not your every day restaurant, when we walked in there was fresh baked bread cooling on the tables!
It was delicious!
Oh my gosh!
Italian tuna sandwich?
Honesty, it had about three table spoons of tuna with TWO HUGE pieces of focaccia bread and a hint of vinegar!
THAT is not a tuna sandwich.
THAT is  focaccia bread with a hint of tuna!
Pizza was really good!
Fountain drinks we're $3.00!
Never again will I eat here for the money they charge and the conservative portions.
Garbage!
How do you mess up breakfast?
Was on vacation in Vegas, tired from a full day of traveling, just wanted something quick.
The eggs were mushy,
Taste like instant eggs with powdered cheese.
One slice of toast, burnt on one side and not even brown on the other side.
And to top it off the potatoes were French fries.
Please don't waste your time and money eating at this place.
I went for restaurant week and I will say the service was on point once we were seated.
For starters I made reservations online for when they first opened at dinner.
After making my reservations online, I was promptly called to verify the reservation and to be informed that if I am more than 5 minutes late then I will get bumped to the waiting list.
Well, I was 10 minutes early and ended up waiting 15 minutes after my reservation to be seated...double standard?
The salad bar was on point with many different things to try.
My favorite was the seafood salad and the assortment of cheese.
As for the meats...I would say nothing particularly stood out in my mind.
I do remember thinking this one meat I tried that garlic flavored was good but clearly not memorable since I can't remember the name of it.
I can't say I will personally be back but it is worth a try if you have never been to a brazilian steakhouse.
Absolutely recommend this organization.
First class experience.
I used the valet service and when I came back they had my car running with A/C on and trunk open and a person there waiting to help me with my bags.
When I gat in the car it had cold bottled water in the cup holders for me and my wife.
Quick and easy on 99 degree day.
I highly recommend!!!!
!
Great service and atmosphere.
The food and drinks are way overpriced though.
If you like your Mexican food mild to bland, this is the place for you.
Microbrewed beers are only a plus to me when they're better than the beer I would have drank otherwise.
One waitress I had while there tried to split the uprights between macrobrew and trendy by describing one of their beers as "kind of like Coors Light".
If I wanted Coors, I'll pay half as much and have one.
The food is actually a saving grace, as it was pretty good.
Head next door to Sing Sing for drinks, though.
This is why I am giving this place 5 stars.
Let me start from the beginning.
I was invited to a wedding for November 26.
I planned my whole trip from Denver, Colorado the whole month.
I bought an expensive dress and made sure I had everything I needed for that special day.
On November 25th I don't know what the heck happened but my neck Popped!
Yeah my next popped and I could not move my neck!
I swear I cried all day because I was in pain.
I stayed home thinking by the next day I would feel better.
Nope.
I was worse.
So I looked up for a chiropractor.
Keep in mind I also don't have health insurance because that is expensive as hell.
I find this place and it has 5 stars.
I call and this amazing nice lady answered the phone.
I forgot her name unfortunately but she was so sweet.
She told me to go in and the doctor would see me.
I go in and immediately they start working on me.
I apparently tore a muscle and that is why I was in pain and could not move my head!
I was scared and I talked to Dr. Brandon Wentzel about the wedding I was going to be attending at 6 that day.
He promised to make me better and that I would be able to move.
Guess what?
He did!
I left the doctor place able to move and even though I still had pain it lowered from a 10 to 1!
SO happy to have been able to go here and have two people take care of me and make me better.
Thank you so much.
Plus it was not pricey and did not cost me an arm and a leg!
Thank you so much!
This place is super nice and has a really cool trendy ambience, which is something you don't see often with Mexican restaurants.
Came here with a big group friends and they were playing pretty loud Latin top 40 which was really fun for us but would maybe not be a great place for a date night
The food and drinks were a bit pricey but the flavours were definitely there and from my little knowledge of Mexican cuisine it did seem pretty authentic!
I got the stuffed pepper which was around 20$ I think but it was delicious and I would totally recommend it!
All in all a really cool and authentic place that I would recommend
Wow!
Was invited to lunch there last Saturday and it was awesome..
The owner greeted us at the door and showed us around.Great Atmosphere and you  can actually watch  them make your food.
The Murals were breathtaking and the staff was incrediably Friendly!
Our Food Server was Talia and she was AMAZING!
This is a place to put on your bucket list!
Great Service and Awesome Food!
ASK FOR TALIA!!!
We'll be back!
Everything was delicious!
The crab stuffed chicken looked a little different than I had envisioned was the blend of sauce, with the chicken and crab was great!
Also, the chefs platter with cheese and was meats was a very pleasant surprise!
Subpar food, eggs Benedict was nasty and thick.
Consistency was like mayo.
Service was so slow, everyone looks like they hate their life.
It took forever to get attention for refills on drinks.
I'm writing this based on the service and not the food... since i didn't stick around to taste anything.
My partner and I wandered into this restaurant and were seated almost immediately.
The restaurant was 1/4 full and that may be an exaggeration.
I noticed right away that the wait staff looked disorganized.
Eye contact with several of them was made in hopes to get a greeting and drink order in.
Ten minutes later, new guests walked in and were greeted/served, while I sat around waving my hand to get attention.
Nope didn't get any.
Walked right out of there.
Great Italian sandwich, made to order!
The milkshakes are fantastic as well!
Excellent lunch and solid customer service.
I'm a fan!
I have been going to this place for a few years.
They made a point to know my name and it gives me the warm and fuzzies!
I would say everything is good except I am not a fan of cold spring rolls.
I love the presentation of the pho...you get a friggen salad to make your own little creation.
The mango chicken is awesome and something I crave often.
They make a great Mango spicy shrimp salad that rocks with a little kick.
And their Chicken fried rice has ruined me for so many others.
It is so good that I can't eat it anywhere else!
Great for Carryout or dine in.
Our first time here and I have one word for it...
DELICIOUS.
I ordered the club and their pesto is perfection with the havarti cheese.
The waffle is buttery, not sweet and not too much where it would be too filling.
Even their fries are amazing.
I will be back!
!
I think I reviewed this already but....

You expect a great steak with great service to be a bit  expensive.
You get what you pay for.
There were 8 of us and we had reservations..
The service was great.
The food was great and the wine list was a book of great wines available at all prices.
I will be back to try their dry-aged bone-in rib eye.
All of us that the whole evening was wonderful.
7-18-2015  I don't normally  write reviews for places that have been reviewed many times by others as I think it's redundant, but I recently ate lunch at Green Valley Ranch Buffet and was pleasantly surprised that the quality of the food was so much better than the other Station Casinos that I thought it deserved to be reviewed.
I visited on a Saturday and the Casino was very busy.
There was a line for the Buffet and it took about 20 minutes to get in.
I was seated and noticed that the chair was comfortable, something I hadn't noticed before.
I tried samples of various food.
The Chicken was cooked properly and had a good flavor.
The Mexican Rice was really good as was the taco meat, seasoned well and was tasty.
The BBQ sausage was good, and so were the BBQ Chicken Wings.
The BBQ Ribs were tender and tasty.
I had Apple Cobbler and Carrot Cake with frozen Vanilla Yogurt (Ice Cream?)
on top.
The quality of everything I ate was better than what is served at other Station Casinos.
The service was good and my drink was filled as needed and dirty plates were removed in a timely manner.
The wait staff was busy but were friendly and asked me if I needed anything several times.
Sometimes it's the little things that make the difference or add to a pleasant dinning experience and I think GVR got it right this time.
What I love about this place is that the owner Olivier and his parents (The Chefs in the back) care for you as a person and prepare your food and coffee with that in mind.
I was speaking to Olivier and mentioned my dietary changes and he offered to make me an Almond milk Latte with stevia, and his mother made me a healthy spinach omelet.
You can't find this type of service and care anymore.
The Baguette Cafe experience is well worth it every time!
God bless.
New favorite brunch spot in Pitts!
Notorious for a wait but great coffee nearby at Espresso a Mano and shops to explore while you wait.
Ordered the Eggplant Benedict.
Never seen this on a menu before and did not fail to impress.
Crispy fried eggplant, poached egg with a pesto hollandaise sauce and roasted tomatoes.
Extremely delicious and was worth the wait!
I just moved to the area and ran into this restaurant.
They staff was super friendly and took their time to explain the varied menu selection.
The food was delicious and on top of everything, the place was super clean.
I will definitely be coming back!
If ZERO stars were possible this gym would be getting that from me.
My husband went to this gym today with the 14 pass and at the end of his workout inquired about membership.
The lady he spoke to was extremely rude.
She told him that he should not have come in without checking with someone first ( mind you that the staff does not show up till 9am and he began his workout at 7am).
After scolding him for being at the gym she asked him to leave and said that they were very selective in the people whom the allowed to join their gym.
I'm not the type to write reviews but obvious racism is a very good reason for me to break a habit.
The lady was very condescending.
She is Caucasian and my husband is Latino.
If you're ever in Phoenix for whatever reason, this is a must try.
I am a huge fan of pork so of course I got the pork belly ramen bowl and it was amazing!
However, my first choice would have been the duck curry bowl, but my stomach was at odds with me that evening.
I must add everyone at our table felt the same way with their choices on the menu.
Didn't have a problem getting seated on a Saturday evening and we even sat outside with the heat but that was even a pleasant experience with the misters outside and no we didn't get doused with water;-)
The food here is phenomenal!
But the service was awful the second time we went there.
They rushed us and said they could only seat us until a certain time.
The server (blonde) was very non engaging and made it obvious she was annoyed.
Their food is unbeatable but sorry, I won't go back there no matter what after the horrible customer service.
I love this place but you need to change your hours listed!
Not open until 10 am instead of 7 like it says!
SCAM!!!!!
Bunch of sales crap and no you get nothing for free accept $5 for valet parking after wasting over 2 hours.
Tickets are crap don't buy into u wining on the radio.
Amazingly Awesome!!
The food is amazing and so tastey.
My taste buds had a party in my mouth its so good.
You can see the rotisserie so you know everything is fresh.
The staff are super friendly, inviting, and laid back.
We came in 20 mins to close and we were going to take our food to go so not to hold them up from closing and they invited us to stay and told us to take our time and enjoy.
We also got samples of their bac lava and it was so good (not too sweet or sticky).
We will be regulars here and bring friends with us as we just moved into the area.
Well done.
Love the food and customer service.
We dropped in for dinner at Aloette for the first time this week and I'm glad we did.
This is my favourite  new restaurant of 2017.
Aloette is the casual sister to Alo, upstairs.
The room is long and narrow, and feels like a cross between a classic diner and an upscale train dining car.
Waiters bustle around the tight space creating a fun, busy atmosphere.
We sat at the bar.
No reservations are taken but we walked right in at 6:00.
We started with beef tartare and fried smelts.
The tartare was good and went well with the fresh horseradish included.
Smelts were crispy and lightly battered.
A nice surprise were the fried jalapenos that went surprisingly well with the fish.
The real star though was the free cheesy toast and butter.
The mains were absolutely delicious.
The cornish hen was cooked perfectly crispy and was an umami explosion with mushrooms and spinach, but could have used a tiny bit more salt and/or sauce.
The burger with fried cheese on top was fantastic.
Now that the Harbord Room is closed I think this is now my favourite restaurant burger in Toronto.
For dessert we had the apple pie sundae and a cup of strong coffee.
Service was impeccable.
My wife was given samples of two wines to compare when she couldn't decide, a touch that I always appreciate.
The wine list could be a bit more extensive but this is a quibble.
A fantastic new spot.
We will be back.
The most important thing to note about this restaurant is that the service is not good nor quick.
As others have noted, make sure you have ample time before your flight.
If you do, this is a great place to relax while you're waiting for your connection.
Food quality is not great.
I chose this restaurant over Burger King and actually regretted my decision afterwards.
Pluses are: the good atmosphere of the restaurant and the cold beer, which helps, especially when your plane is delayed by a few hours due to weather.
Overall.
I rate this two stars based on the service and the food.
My sister and I have visited Gib's twice and both times had a great time!
It's an old house that's converted into all sorts of seating areas...on the porch, in a living room, etc.
Each area is unique and has it's own flair.
Unfortunately, I failed to inquire whether their injera was wheat-free, since I assumed that it was (at least at every other Ethiopian place I've eaten at as been).
So... no good for gluten/wheat intolerant people (oops!).
My parents, who have never had Ethiopian food before liked it pretty well, and I thought it was very yummy up until the point that I found out about the wheat used in the injera.
The outside of the location is not attractive, but inside it's very nice.
The service was very good as well.
I would return if I could, but I can't.. would love it if they made wheat-free injera!
!
OK, maybe my expectations were set very high because this is a celebrity chef owned restauant.
The food was good, but I was not "wowed".
I would give it another try because maybe what I ordered was not the best choice on the menu.
I will check back after I give it another try.
At this point we have 98 check in's.
Good thing they are a good ways from us.
If not, we'd probably be broke,  and wouldn't be able to fit through normal doors.
Food and service is wonderful.
Although yelp classifies this is a bar, this is not typical bar food.
In fact, almost everything is made from scratch - including great desserts.
If you have never been here, you are definitely missing out.
One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte!
The live music is entertaining and the older crowd seems to enjoy dancing and drinking on Friday and Saturday Nights.
I was introduced to Mickey & Mooch during restaurant week a few years back.
I am heavily addicted to the wedge salad, filet mignon fondue and the crab cakes.
This place is simply amazing!
They have a marvelous selection of tequilas and make some of the best drinks I've ever had with it.
We had their chips and salsa, as well as most of their happy hour items - which shouldn't be skipped!
Our server Joe was on top of everything with helpful suggestions.
Some of their dishes take 15 hours to prepare.
You won't find the cheapest fare here, but quality costs.
I promise, they will wow you.
Went here on March 24 in the morning.
Had the blueberry coffee cake, blue berry pancakes and a scramble with gravy.
Portions are super big.
Would definitely recommend going there.
Best blueberry coffee cake with lots of blueberries
If anyone is looking for quality electrical work, choose Next Generation Electrical Technologies.
They have performed work twice now at my residence and have exceeded all my expectations.
Most current job was switching outdated lights in garage to LED lights mounted to ceiling.
Not only did they come early, they did the work in record time and I didn't have to wait all day!
They called first to make sure I was home, awesome follow up!
Thank you Next Gen for providing quality customer service.
Note: CASH ONLY!
I have yet to conquer their titular menu item, but I can say with absolute confidence and honesty that The Original Gyro of Castle Shannon (formerly a pizza joint) has already vanquished every other Baklava and order of Stuffed Grape Leaves I've ever had the fortune of eating.
The grape leaves are pouches of gastronomic pleasure that nearly burst with rice and a most delicate ground lamb.
The lavish, honey-kissed, nut-embedded Baklava will simultaneously exercise your jaw muscles and seduce your sweet tooth, suggesting flavors and preparation far beyond their $2 price tag.
P.S.
Dig those late hours!
We weren't what sure what to expect from a 1:00pm comedy/show.
Maybe we weren't expecting a lot since the tickets were very reasonable (expecially through one of those half-price tix places) however we thought the show was great.
Glad we noticed the good reviews here on Yelp.
Definitely a good choice to fill a couple of afternoon hours if you want to get off the casino floor.
Gave this restaurant 3 stars mostly because of the service.
We ordered 
- Spring Rolls (average)
- Crispy Egglplant (AMAZING)
- Kung Pao Chicken (good/average)
- Chow Mein with Vegetables (good but very oily)
- Fried Non-Vegan Cherry Chocolate Chip Ice Cream (Would recommend but ask for flavor availability)

I came here with my family of four while the establishment was somewhat busy for lunch.
The biggest issue was that there were only 2 waitresses who were both taking orders and serving food, which made the service very slow.
The waitress took about 10 minutes to come around to our table and forgot to ask for what drinks we wanted until I mentioned it.
In addition, it took a while to get either waitress' attention when we need ed napkins or extra utensils.
Lastly, we had ordered the the Fried Ice Cream with Mango Ice Cream, however, our waitress failed to mention that they only had one flavor of ice cream.
When we told her about the mistake, she just curtly explained that they only had one flavor in stock.
It was just a frustrating experience.
Overall, the food was good, but the service lacking.
I would come back to eat the Crispy Eggplant because it was SO GOOD.
Great beer selection, friendly bartenders, fun trivia night, better-than-average bar food.
This bar is located where I grew up in southeast Charlotte.
I make it a point to stop in whenever I'm home.
During the day you'll find families eating in the dining room and at night the typical crowd is local twenty/thirty-somethings.
Not quite a dive bar, not quite a sports bar.
There is generally live acoustic music on the weekends and trivia is every Tuesday.
Trivia night really brings out the local characters and can get competitive.
The first ones to the bar on gamedays get first pick of what games go the bigscreens in the bar, kinda cool.
My only complaint is the location- I wish it were stand-alone and not in a stripmall.
Try the fried pickles!
The restaurant manager called me and comped
For my boyfriends dinner and also mine..he's mailing me two coupons and explained the situation and apologized(in which I appreciate) Of course I will be wary- but I'll return...but I will leave if it's super busy cause I don't think I want a repeat..
I've been here a number of times now and have been satisfied every time.
I always get a custom salad, and they have pretty good choices for regular and premium add-ons.
I usually get the spinach with black beans, red onion, red pepper, and mushrooms.
I add avocado, and just get their house vinaigrette.
It's nothing special, but the ingredients have always been (and tasted) fresh and crisp.
They also give a very generous portion of avocado, which I really enjoy.
It's nice to have this option around campus.
Sure, there are some great restaurants around, but as far as fast food goes, nothing else very healthy is nearby.
I'll be going back.
We came during happy hour 8-10pm on a Saturday.
Reviews are dead on for this place.
Wait staff was a bit inattentive, but was nice and food was served fast.
Four stars because the food was excellent!
It was also inexpensive.
We had a salad and four different rolls.
The bill was $26!!!
All the rolls were beyond our expectations and when the bill came we could jump for joy!
This place is definitely worth checking out.
Cravable sushi.
I recommend the kodiak roll (that rocked), an el pollo roll-- also yummy!
!
Having just moved to the area, Casey's has been such an amazing place to have available.
They truly have a little bit of everything available 24 hours a day.
Everybody who works here has always been so friendly and helpful.
Their pizza is also really, really, really good.
It's my favorite so far in the area.
Who would've thought???
We have only done carry out up to this point, but they do now offer delivery.
Delivery hours are 4:30 p.m. - 10 p.m.
There is a delivery fee of $2 per order with a minimum purchase of $10 required.
Forms of payment accepted include major credit cards, cash and check.
Visited during that shoulder time of the day between lunch and happy hour.
Seated outside on a wonderful sunny day.
Immediately given chips and salsa.
Nice thick, rich salsa and not pico  de gallo like some restaurants serve.
Ordered a carne asada burrito enchilada style.
Very tasty and huge.
Great layering of flavors.
Black beans were just how I would make them, so it's a winner too.
So why only four stars?
The food could have been warmer when served.
I'd come back
horrible.
Never again.
I booked this through the airline  (Allegiant).
waiting no less than 50 minutes so far and no hope of the shuttle in sight.
I've seen a one driver go by twice, we still wait.
I came to Vegas for some much needed R&R.
So far I can't get away from the airport.
Call Uber, probably about the same pride.
Never again for this outfit.
Small venue, big flavor.
Homie vibe as you walk in there is a nice sense of ole Montreal in the brick veneer.
The staff was friendly and there was an eclectic collection of seafood based fusion plates to try.
That night I disregarded the house recommendation for seafood and went with the pork tenderloin... and let me tell you, I regret nothing.
It was the best pork tenderloin I ever tried.
Ever.
The wine selection was great, and the cozy ambiance was just what the doctor ordered for my party of 4.
They take reservations, and I do recommend that you call in advance on the weekends.
When we left the place was packed.
Great experience, be prepared to spend s lil $$$, 5 stars.
This place is without a doubt, the BEST BBQ IN ILLINOIS.
My boyfriend went to U of I and we somehow stumbled upon this hidden gem.
Well, I suppose it's not so hidden since there is usually a long wait.
But don't be discouraged!
The wait is well worth it, I promise.
Try to make your way through the door, find the guy in charge, and put your name on the list.
There's not much space in this place.
I guess that would be my one complaint.
It can get pretty crunched, especially if you're waiting.
However, what is better to tide you over than a delicious beer?
Now, let's talk about this beer.
They have new selections on tap all the time.
Please, do your beer pallet a favor and don't order the usual domestics and imports (Miller, Bud, Heiniken, Corona, etc).
Those are just fine for any regular restaurant.
Why miss the glorious opportunity to try something mind-blowingly good?
Seriously, these beers are amazing.
They come from different breweries across the country.
Places/companies you've never heard of.
Combinations of flavors you would never think to try.
I once had an oyster beer here.
Sounds disgusting but it was so good.
Trust me on that.
I'm very picky and I liked it.
You can also get a flight of 7 beers on a dogbone shaped tray (how fitting!).
This flight has all the beers that are on tap in 4 oz glasses.
You can share them with a friend and then order the one you like best!
Now, on to the food.
So SO good.
There are a few different sauce choices you can get.
Not being one for spicy, I get the Georgia Peach.
It is soo good on anything you get.
There is no bad item on this menu.
The pulled pork is amazing as are the hamburgers.
Hard to believe a hamburger could be so good, but it is.
The brisket is also amazing.
They cook it for 12 hours.
How could it not be?
Try to get here relatively early though, because some items like the brisket run out later in the evening.
While it's a bummer, think of it as a good thing.
This way, you know they're not just heating it in the microwave.
They cook it, and once it's gone, it's gone.
Oh and the fries are amazing, whether you get the regular or sweet potato.
I know this was a long review, but I really can't say enough about this place.
I'm obsessed.
It's a bummer that my bf graduated so we can't go all the time since we live near Chicago.
However, I will make any excuse to go down.
Going there this weekend for Halloween.
Can't wait to visit my favorite BBQ place in all the land!
Very clean, fast service, friendly staff.
Would be 5 stars but they were out of what I ordered.
I started going here more than 15 years ago (I think, more than 10 for sure).
I was referred here by my relative that knows the now famous Clarance, the owner of the place.
I told him I am the niece of such and such and he said he remembers them.
I didn't have insurance for glasses then he gave me a very reasonable price.
He is very friendly and chatty, and despite our age difference (I am probably not much older than his children) we became quick and great friends.
I even go over just to chat after I got my glasses.
Now years later, he is still a good friend, and everytime I go in he always ask about my grandma.
It is hard to find good service nowadays, and he kept it up all these years.
His business had grown (and I have to admit I had send some friends there also) and you might need to wait a bit longer for his "personal" service, but the other workers are very nice and helpful too.
His prices are still reasonable and with great selections.
I can't imagine to go anywhere else for glasses now.
Excellence.
Convinced my wife and kids to come to this "French" Inspired place ( i think they were reluctant because of that) ... fast forward .
Everyone loved their meals.
The ambience is relaxing, classy and conducive to anticipating something special.
We'll come back
I wanted to explore Brookline and decided to stop here based on the reviews.I have to admit that I was expecting a lot more.
But sometimes they say, "less is more," right?
The place is definitely really old school and fairly run down, a grease pit.
The menu that I was ordering from confused me a bit because I was wondering, where were all the Greek items such as pastitsio, moussaka, saganaki, bakalava, and spanakopita?!?!?
People have said that the menu was downsized but the only thing I could find that was greek was Gyros, Falafel and dolmades and souvlaki and I went with the Gyro.
The Gyro was indeed huge and the meat was flavorful but the veggies were close to the end of their shelf life.
The fries that came with the meal were crap actually, I know that they are fresh cuts fries so lets make sure that they are cooked all the way through and have some sort of uniformity in size and the oil that they were fried in was obviously fairly old.
The fries were on a greasiness level of their own.
I have never had such soggy fries.
The service was certainly some of the most friendly I have had in sometime and the proce for the Gyro combo really is hard to beat it came in right around $6.
So if anyone can tell me what I'm missing since this place is such a renowned Brookline establishment please do so.
Chop Chop Wok is as good as it gets for me as far as Chinese food is concerned.
I feel it is more of a 4 1/2 star place, but I had to round up because they are just so pleasant here & when you are waiting on an order, they will actually walk it out to your car.
Now that is like Nordstrom/Nob Hill type service right there!
Btw, Nob Hill is an upscale grocery store in NorCal & I know all my NorCal peeps will get that reference ;)

So...the food is really tasty here & the ingredients are nice & fresh.
The beef broccoli is some of the best I have had.
The beef is really quite good.
Not at all like that weird tasting & texturally displeasing mystery meat usually found in this dish.
And the broccoli is nice & crunchy & has a nice fresh, bright green look to it.
I also LOVE the Lo Mein!
Lol, which is actually Chow Mein, at least where I'm from.
Either way, it is on point.
They also have really good lunch specials & you definitely cannot beat the prices here.
I am SUPER picky when it comes to Chinese food & I will not just go anywhere.
There has to be some sort of buzz or word of mouth about a place before I will try it.
So, I would like to thank all of my fellow Yelpers that helped me decide on trying Chop Chop Wok.
And to the staff, I think you all are great & you treat people with great warmth & friendliness.
Not as customers, but as friends or an extended hungry family member ;)
I couldn't be more excited to have found this new place.
Food was yummy and prices very reasonable.
Service was great and they even showed the kids the lobsters!
Will be back and will certainly recommend to all the people I know.
Felt as if I was in New Orleans :)
The food is very amazing.
I had the rice and chicken steak and the chicken suqar and rice.
Both dishes were made with excellent taste and I and a blast eating them.
I would recommend this place to my friends any day of the week.
Great customer service and great ambience.
Also the mango shake was pretty good with the ice cream topping and I also like the strawberry shake as well.
If anybody lives in the Rex dale area, stop by this place and order something off their menu, I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
Thank you J &M for the paint and repairs in my home.
I know I'm not easy to work with, but the guys were great and stuck it out.
I'm very pleased with how everything turned out and will be happy to recommend your company.
I guess the restaurant was ok. we are vegetarians so we picked this spot.
eh not bad.
we ate in the diner, and it was quiet, and nice.
however I think it's overpriced for what we had.
and they charged me $.50 for a card swipe.
way to go to raise my bill.
Went here for the first time last night...
The best calamari , prime rib California cut, mash potatoes, the best salad ever!!!!
Nice and clean place to eat... Employees are all so professional...
I love that there is a dress code here... Gentlemen must remove hats... Ill definitely be back & will definitely recommend this place to family & friends!!
!
I've been dining at Pei Wei locations all over the Valley for years and years.
After moving to Ahwatukee from Central Phoenix a couple of years ago, this location became the closest to me.
It used to be reliable and consistent but the last several times I've been, the quality has really suffered.
A few months ago I ordered some take-out for my family.
After getting it home and going to eat my meal, I realized that my order was very wrong.
Now I'd become accustomed to this location forgetting things like sauces for the appetizers, napkins, soy sauce and fortune cookies (things that are supposed to be included with take-out), but my dish was inedible to me.
I called to complain, the manager was apologetic and offered that I come back and pick up a replacement OR he would send me a gift card to replace my meal.
Since I have an infant that I needed to get to bed, I opted for the gift card.
A month or so went by and my husband suggested Pei Wei.
That's when I realized that I never received the replacement gift card!
We ordered and when my husband picked it up, he mentioned the issue we had the last time and they gave him a discount.
As usual, things were missing from the order (no appetizer sauce, napkins, fortune cookies, etc.)
and the food was just okay.
Tonight we ordered again, this time the food was just horrible.
Bland, no taste whatsoever for either of our dishes!
I ordered the new Korean BBQ with chicken (I had it before) and really liked it.
My husband had the same but with tofu and vegetables.
Neither of us thought the food was good at all.
The sauce which is normally very tasty was so bland and watery that it literally ran off of the chicken.
The 'salad' that comes with it was wilted and soggy, clearly not fresh.
And as expected, no sauce for the crab wontons, no napkins, no soy sauce & no fortune cookies.
I don't think we will be going back anytime soon - at least not to this location - they really need to get it together.
We're tired of the issues every time we eat in or get take-out from here.
Very different place for breakfast and I loved the food.
This is a place you can go back to many times and get something different each time and love it.
Wow, sooo disappointed!
Our first time here and the brunette waitress at the bar had no personality and was very unfriendly, obviously hasn't smiled in a very long time.
Pretty sure it's the same one in the other reviews.
We waited 45 minutes before anyone came back to see if we needed anything.
Would of been great to have a couple more drinks and another appetizer but apparently we had our invisible attire on.
We like to find places for work events etc...but will never come back again.
Too bad, the atmosphere was great but the service is terrible and so is the bartenders attitude.
Tried to contact the manager Sandra, had to leave a voicemail.
Tough menu.
A lot of choices, so I was vacillating a lot.
I finally decided on the Ahi Tuna sandwich with sweet potato fries.
I also ordered the beet salad just to try it.
I liked everything.
Including the onion rings the hubbie ordered.
This would be the place I would go for onion rings.
Very tasty.
We sat outside.
Not sure if it would be enjoyable in summer, but mid-Feb, with it finally hitting the upper 70s, it was wonderful.
Several people were there w/ dogs because it is really a picnic area.
We will go back.
I want to try the ahi salad...maybe stick w/ the ahi sandwich.
I think it will be the way to go when I'm craving a burger.
W/o a doubt, if you go, you HAVE to check out the bathrooms.
The neighbourhood needed a place like this!
It's a little piece of King West transplanted at College and Yonge.
Above Toronto's landmark breakfast place Fran's, Screen Lounge is a 2-level resto-lounge - I can see hanging out in the sleek indoor bar area this winter, but during this extremely hot summer, it's the roof-top patio all the way.
It's got a huge outdoor seating area, comfortable and modern red-and-black-cushioned patio furniture and back-lit bar that looks very Miami as the sun goes down.
The chill-out music sounding from the speakers adds to that 'sit-here-and-chillax-for-as-long-as-you-want' vibe.
Prices are a bit steep for this area (like I said, think King West!)
but the staff is super-attentive and the food portions are a good size.
They've got some creative sushi rolls (try the Canadian, wrapped in bacon) and tasty tempura appetizers.
It would be great if you could order Fran's brunch on the rooftop patio on a Saturday or Sunday morning...I hope that is in the works!
The lounge is pretty new, so it was quiet, but I can see it picking up once word gets around.
The place is called Screen Lounge because at dusk, they screen old black and white movies on the patio - complete with old fashioned popcorn machine, should you get a craving.
The portions are a little small, but seriously the best tacos I've ever had!!
My only complaint was how warm the water was when they brought it to the table.
However I asked for a glass of ice and problem solved.
Highly recommend!
One of the best if not the best sushi restaurants I have ever been to.
Tempura is so light and script.
Sashimi is amazing.
Stampede roll is delicious.
Soft shell crab rolls too!
!
I heard about this place from shark tank so I obviously had to go check out.
It was everything I expected and more.
The presentation was not only adorable but the tea was amazing.
I'm a full on coffee addict and I told my boyfriend I would drink this tea over coffee any day!
Tastes just like how I would drink my tea while I was in London.
Definitely telling all my friends about this place and next time I'm in need of any custom cakes or pastries I'll be ordering from here as well.
Thank you guys!
Imagine a dreamy, Anthropologie-feeling store filled with dried flowers -- and that would be Roxanne's!
I love wandering through this beautifully filled and merchandised space.
They carry dried flowers, candles, lighting, and garden decor.
Sadly, the reason I can only give this store four stores is because it is very pricey...
Perfect place to ask for a Christmas present from!
This is hands down my favorite place to go for tacos!
Anybody I have ever taken with me enjoys it just as much as I do.
Every time I go I leave completely satisfied- I'd recommend it to any one!
I am not a cake fan.
BUT OMG!!!
HOLY MOIST CAKE!!!!
Absolutely delicious!!
In fact, it's the only place I buy cake.
Ever.....
We needed something to eat before a show.
The options were to eat at The M or drive back to eastern.
Decided to give the deli a shot.
Depressing tots, fries and onion rings, they were warm, not crisp at all.
Had a corned beef, it was pretty decent, no where near NYC standards though.
The best part was the Beaver Deli mustard, it was awesome.
Wife enjoyed her fish tacos.
Seating is limited and self serve on the drink machine.
The craft beers are very good, but that's about it.
The BBQ had been sitting under a warmer far too long, and I wasn't really clear on the seafood/BBQ connection.
Might be a nice place to hang out on a Friday or Saturday night drinking with friends, but the energy is lacking, the food is overpriced and not all that, and the menu doesn't make much sense.
AVOID ANY OF THE FRIED ITEMS on the menu since it's pretty obvious they never change their cooking oil and everything tastes the same-- terrible-- and is WAY over-cooked.
Their fries, cajun or otherwise, are like eating a mouthful of table salt.
Awful!
Stick with the bags and corn and you'll be OK.
There's really nothing special about the place that would recommend it over other similarly-themed sports bars in the area, and the manager could use a visit from Jake Tapper at Bar Rescue.
No effort is made to make the outside patio tolerable during the summer so nobody eats there.
What a waste.
The restaurant itself is located way in the back corner of a strip mall where the confined location guarantees it will be like an oven.
Positive: The food!
We had soup, chow fun, and the Peking duck.
The chow fun was exactly like at home.
The Peking duck  was served exactly how my sister liked (lean, less fat).
Also, great service.
My sister and I felt incredibly homesick after eating here.
Negative: I wish the Peking duck was served on a bao instead of in the wrappers; however, my sister informs me that the wrappers are more traditional.
This is our go-to place for lunch and just a friendly atmosphere.
Very consistent food.
Always good.
This guy is the best.
My washing machine pump went out and the company that was originally suppose to show up on a Saturday never did.
Late Saturday I called Allstate and he was easy to talk to on the phone and assured me he would be at my house between 7 and 8 am Sunday morning.
He was on time and replaced the pump in no time.
With all the shady businesses in Vegas it's nice to finally deal with a down to earth businessman.
.
I have found my repairman from now on.
Thank you so much
Love the look of the restaurant when you first walk in.
The staff were very friendly and the food was delicious!
Plan on coming back again.
Cooked to perfection.
I mean perfection.
Red mashed potatoes were puréed.
Bacon wrapped shrimp were beyond flavorful.
Peppercorn steak spot on.
Request to sit on the patio and the fountain debuts every 15 or 30 minutes.
The view is breathtaking.
The wait staff is there for every need or accommodation.
All high class professionals.
On every Las Vegan's "Off-the-Strip-Dining" list probably lies Marche Bacchus, a charming bistro and wine market overlooking a peaceful lake away from the main strip.
The diverse French cuisine will appeal to Francophiles, and the comprehensive wine selection will appeal will oenophiles.
The French have always done brunch well (partially due to their social belief that drinking after 12 pm is acceptable, even admirable).
Marche Bacchus is my favorite place to go in Vegas for a brunch that makes me forget I live in the Mojave dessert.
Also, the restaurant offers both their brunch and lunch menu at this time, which offer many more authentic choices than just their dinner menu.
If it's spring in Vegas, I order the Moules Frites, mussels in white wine butter sauce with crusty baguette, a light and delicious classic that Marche does well; don't forget the Mimosa.
If it's summer, I order the lobster avocado croissant, pair it with a Riesling from the market; the sweetness of the Riesling highlights the lobster and brings out the richness of the avocado.
If it's fall, I order the duck confit & fettucini pasta, it's a calorie splurge but completely worth it.
And if it's winter, I get the Les Oeufs En Meurette, three perfect poached eggs in hearty red wine sauce with ham and mushrooms; it's a dish that warms your stomach, and your heart; break some rules and order a glass of Cotes Du Rhone with it: red wine works for daytime when it's Vegas harsh dry winter.
Dessert is their weakness.
I haven't fallen in love with any Marche Bacchus sweets; although I daydream about imported truffles from La Maison Du Chocolat or Patrick Roger whenever I visit.
Can be better if they put bit more attention to finishing foods and customer needs...masala tea is ofcource nor good
Fabulous food!
Cadillac fajitas are the best fajitas!
Love the homemade tortillas!
The customer service is great!
The drinks are fantastic!
Always a great time in fajitas and it really is the best place in Arizona to eat fajitas!
I highly recommend it and enjoy!
Cadillac fajitas 1/2 pound can serve for two people- or if you have more than that then go for a pound.
Love the fresh flaky chips!
Yum!
The food here is pricey, but well worth it.
The sides are served family style so you may only need two or three for the whole table.
The steaks are perfectly cooked and the cuts of meat are the best of quality.
This particular location offers a cool area to sit in if you are fortunate enough to be seated there.
It is a pod-like structure that is in the middle of the hotel atrium.
It feels very cool and adds to the experience.
If you are looking to go big, this is a great place to do it!
I was craving a bagel sandwich but was pretty tired of TH's, so when I saw this place online I was eager to try it out.
The other reviews didn't hurt either, so I made the effort to go there.
I cannot begin to say how bad it was.
I ordered an egg salad sandwich on a bagel and coffee.
A simple enough order, or so I thought.
How bad could it be, you're thinking?
Let me tell you:  undercooked eggs with bright yellow, hard jelly-like yolks, chopped in HUGE chunks with an enormous amount of tasteless, gooey mayonnaise on a Montreal sesame seed bagel (the bagel was good).
Salt, pepper or any kind of seasoning never saw that 'egg salad'.
It was served with potato chips and a side order of POTATO SALAD??
and a pickle.
Talk about a starch redundancy!
The coffee was tepid at best, and the milk I poured into it had some suspicious looking 'flakes' on the coffee that made me think it's last good day was yesterday.
The presentation was attractive, but what good is that when the food was almost inedible??
I spent almost $9 for food that I could not stomach.
There is a sign on the wall announcing a change in management, which I could possibly have forgiven their lack of knowledge of menu prep if the changeover date wasn't listed as 2010!!
The people serving me were Japanese, and I suspect they don't know anything about Jewish deli at all.
They really should stick to what they know best, and that isn't deli any way shape or form.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
This is a gym that takes a more personal approach to fitness and nutition.
The trainers will tailor your workout to your goals, take into account your injuries and provide a lot of encouragement.
The members are very welcoming and friendly.
My session today was led by the owner, James Wong.
He tailored the workout for me, since it was my first time and I had a lot of stiffness and injuries to work around.
I really appreciated that.
This is my first time of ever joining a gym like this so I really didn't know what to expect.
What I found was a lot of personal and individual attention to your specific goals and fitness level.
My package includes an initial assessment, unlimited training and yoga sessions, The Fit Labs Diet and Exercise Journal, The Fit Labs Diet guide, up to 2 sessions per month with a Fit Labs Coach and unlimited email support.
Even after my workout today, James texted me to find out how I was feeling and see if I needed anything.
That's amazing personal attention!
It's going to be fun working out here and meeting new fitness friends!
I've been a member since it opened and I've built  more muscle mass while losing body fat during this time.
The trainers are motivating, friendly, & knowledgeable in the fitness & nutritional area.
Jamison, Stephanie, & Nathalie are helpful during each class making sure everyone has the correct form & lifts correctly so they don't hurt themselves.
I love that that each class is 45 min of intense cardio or weight training except for Saturday which is an hour class.
Saturday's class is my favorite with a live DJ.
We live DJ Lee too.
It's a great workout with a group of people, but everyone works at their own level.
It's a family atmosphere were everyone gets to know each other.
I had heard good things about this hotel but in my first and only stay it was pretty miserable.
Vending machines on my floor didn't work the entire 3 days I was there.
Internet was down more often than not.
Room service unavailable because ovens were down.
The 45 minute fire alarm at 3 am was the icing on the cake.
I would not recommend this place to anyone ever.
I'll make sure my company travel agent also takes this off the list.
The Peoria Red Robin is super convenient for the avid movie goer since it's located right across the street from the best movie theater.
The service is fast and friendly and the atmosphere is casual and modern.
We have been coming to Red Robin for years and I will say I miss their old decor of old movie posters and random nostalgic trinkets from years past.
The seats are comfy and the booths are roomy (fluffy friendly).
And each table is equipped with a tablet that lets you order drinks, appetizers, desserts, and your meal (or you could just wait for your server but it is a time saving tool for sure)- and pay.
The food is hot and fresh!
You can customize your burger order with a variety of buns which is a plus and they offer bottomless fries AND broccoli.
Kinda nice that they offer healthier options but I'll stick with the steak fries.
Be sure to sprinkle the table-side seasoning on your fries too for the extra kick in flavor.
And did I mention there is a full bar here too?
Let's also not forget about bottomless root beer floats!
Yes, you read that right - bottomless.
Root.
Beer.
Floats.
I am a huge Bobby Flay fan and was so happy to finally try his food firsthand.
At first, I was really turned off by the "tex-mex" concept and even the name "Mesa Grill" didn't sound too appetizing, but we took a risk... and Bobby delivered.
We came here for my husband's 27th birthday and he had a wonderful time.
SERVICE: 
5 Solid Stars!
The hostesses sat our party right away even though not everyone was there.
We were immediately served water and asked if we wanted any cocktails.
I really loved our waiter.
He wasn't just polite and attentive, but he was also engaging us in wonderful conversation throughout our meal.
He talked to us about how long he had been working there, and what Bobby's like... and he knew the menu like the back of his hand.
It was like having a new friend dine with us throughout the duration of our meal.
I wish I caught his name so I can give him props!
FOOD:
Bread Basket - 2 stars.
They start you off with a variety of breads.
There was a jalapeno one, another one with some blue corn in it, and a third one that I can't recall.
All were very unique, but unfortunately, I wasn't a fan.
I didn't think the bread was very soft or moist, and the flavors didn't do it for me.
Kudos for thinking outside the box though.
The butter also wasn't the soft, spreadable kind.
Blue Corn Pancake - 5 stars.
This appetizer came highly recommended by our server.
There was barbecued duck inside pancake (like a glorified taco), and a habanero chili star-anise sauce drizzled all over it.
The flavors all worked so well together to deliver an explosion of flavors in my mouth.
Spanish Chorizo Quesadilla - 4 stars.
This was larger than expected!
It is pretty filling and could easily be substituted for a meal as a filler.
Or you can split this between 2-3 people and share it as an appetizer.
It's a pretty heavy dish and hard to eat too much of.
There's a large fried egg on top of a tortilla.
Embedded in the tortilla is smoked tomato salsa, grilled green onion, and crispy artichokes.
For our entree, my husband and I shared the New Mexican Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin even though I was realllly eyeing the 22 ounce bone-in Ribeye.
The waiter said the pork tenderloin was their signature dish so that's why we ordered it even though I'm not a huge fan of pork.
It wasn't until the dish arrived that we were convinced we had made the right choice!!
WOW, that was one tender, delicious, savory, melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat.
The spice rub added a bit of heat, and I can easily say this is the best piece of pork I've ever been served.
It came with a side of the most amazing tamale.
I can't even begin to describe how good it was.
You just have to try it.
5 Stars for this entire dish!!!
I sampled some of the other dishes from my friends, but the pork dish was the definite standout.
My friend ordered the lamb chops, but they tasted a bit gamey and weren't as tender as they could've been.
The pan seared Halibut was tender and flaky paired with a lovely curry spice reduction.
I'd give both these dishes 4 stars.
All in all a wonderful experience.
Glad I finally got to try one of Bobby's restaurants!
Mandy was a great bar tender,always kept our drinks full and kept non paying customers out of the bar.
Great local bar without all of the strip bs
Wow  wow wow.
Great ice-cream and pure fun to eat.
Our group ordered the following combos

1.
Cookies and cream cookies with strawberry cheesecake ice cream with hot fudge on top

2.
Peanut butter cookie and white chocolate macadamia nut with butter pecan and Heath bar bits

3.
Chocolate chip cookie white chocolate macadamia nut salted caramel fudge ice cream with Heath bar pieces

The ice cream is rich and thick.
The cookies are satisfactory.
The chocolate chip was similar to a basic  Toll House recipe.
Which I find rather boring   The blandness of that type of cookie is a good platform for the ice cream 

The strawberry cheesecake ice cream had chunks of strawberry cheesecake in it.
The taste was excellent 

The butter pecan was lacking in flavour ..... Would give that flavour a miss next time

The real winner was the salted caramel fudge ice cream.
The caramel was so warm and inviting and then the super huge chunks of fudge were amazing.
The heath bar tipping added that extra toffee taste the was "the icing on the cake"

The fudge on the strawberry cheesecake combo didn't add much to the dessert.
Also made it near impossible to pick up.
Although ordered on the side (if possible ) and dunking the cookie ice cream creation sounds rather like a good option.
The servings are really generous and the three of us left with a sugar overlaid.
Next time I am going to share one
This place is so yummy, reminds me of my vacation in Kauai!
Visit it before they hibernate for the winter.
The tigers blood is my favorite - a combination of three flavors.
The pricing is affordable, and they always hand out a 2-for-1 coupon to use on your next visit.
We can usually bribe the kids to do any chore, in exchange for a trip here!
:)
Excellent coffee shop and very conveniently located to pop in and go or sit for a bit with your coffee outside.
All of the drinks are amazing, I have been 3 times, today will be 4 and each time I want to get another.
All of the employees are so nice and they are quick to get you your drink.
They also have waffles, I haven't personally tried one but I have seen a couple people order them and I always want it!
Definitely give this place a shot, personal favorite is the iced vanilla latte which on the menu is probably named after a bird.
First time at this Discount Tire (just moved to AZ from Spokane, WA and was very happy with the Discount Tire there) to have the front tire of our truck checked as it was losing pressure overnight.
Was helped by Benjamin (name on the work order) who was great.
Told us they would check the tire and rotate them for free.
Went outside to look at the tire and measure the remaining thread on each tire (still OK).
They did find a nail and fixed it.
I will return here when I need a new set of tires.
Discount Tire must train their employees well as I've always received excellent service.
I ordered the yellow curry veggie style because it's my favorite and because all the positive reviews on yelp about the yellow curry.
IT WAS SO YUMMY!!
the veggies included, onions, carrots, potatoes, broccoli, and cabbage.
I ordered a 3 because reviews had said they run hot and they were right I love spicy food and a 3 was the prefect amount of heat.
My total with tax was 8.61$ I am super satisfied and am wanting to try the lunch special next time I have a layover!
Absolute WORST EXPERIENCE.
I do love Hooters Wings, but won't EVERRR GO BACK HERE.
Extremely EXHAUSTED I DECIDED TO GO DOWN TO THE HOOTERS RESTAURANT.
Unbeknownst to me it takes over 45 mins to get a 10 pc wings to go.
So I thought.
After waiting over 40 mins while sitting at the bar, I asked the hostess "does it normally take this long?".
She replied "what did you have?"
I stated a 10 pc Hot.
She turned grab a bag and said "well we didn't know where you went"........ ummmmmm at the same bar you brought my water and receipt to.
ON THE SAME CHAIR!!!!!!
I asked for the Manager and Mikey comes up and immediately starts to explain how long the wings take.......I'm looking really puzzled now.
I'm focused on the customer service aspect of being notified that my order was ready then handed a bag with cold wings.
I verrrrrryyyyyyy calmly stated Mikey I'm simply providing feedback on my experience and food takes time to cook I understand that, HOWEVER BETTER POLICIES SHOULD BE IN PLACE IN REGARDS TO YOUR TO-GO CUSTOMERS.
Their pizza is really really good.
Nice clean space.
A little pricey though.
You get a pizza with three items and your over 40 bucks!
Easily in my top 10 meals of all time.
Sat at the bar and was in heaven eating dim sum and the crispy duck salad.
Tommie the bartender was super welcoming and he gave my friend and I free shots on the house while we waited for our food togo!
Thank you so much for the entertaiment and the delicious drink!
We will definitely come back to visit for a couple more drinks!
:)
Great neighborhood bar!
Closes early, so you get home early!
DO NOT SETTLE!
KEEP SEARCHING!
WASTE OF MONEY!
This hotel was NOT what I expected for a Las Vegas property in the center of the strip.
Do not be fooled by the lobby, the rest of the hotel is old and outdated?
Hallways smell, scuffs and dirt marks on the doors, directional signs missing from the wall, moulding was breaking off.
Inside the room, outlets barely work, furniture was chipped, my dresser was missing a top drawer, vents clogged with dirt.
There are about 15 elevators and only about 5 were working!
The pool is nice....but all vegas hotel pools are nice.
As much money as they make daily; there is NO REASON this hotel should look like it did.
I will NOT stay there again.
Keep searching for place to stay.
I've stayed at Super 8's that were better than the Flamingo!
Meh.
-Very centrally located on the strip, makes walking easier.
-Somewhat dated.
-Parking garage is absolutely disgusting, although it is free.
-Rooms are just OK.
-Adjacent to the Linq which is a nice new property.
-Strip view rooms do indeed have a great view.
-The live Flamingos are cool.
I probably would choose a newer & nicer  place if given an option but I would not rule the Flamingo out.
This place is awesome.
The tuna tataki is amazing.
Sushi rolls are great and the Indonesian soup is great as well.
I recommend stopping in
I love being proven wrong about celebrity chef-endorsed restaurants;  Carnevino in the Venetian put me off making fun of Mario Batali forever.
His emblazoned name means some tasty meats, let me tell you.
But this restaurant has done nothing for Mr. Flay's Southwestern recipes.
A friend and I had lunch at MESA today, and before I get into the gory details, let me say the wait staff and bus service was very great.
Helpful on all sorts of problems;   for instance, there was a bug that crawled out of my friend's salad, stretched its little bug legs, and sat around for a minute while we waved down the help.
We assumed the bug had been knocked senseless by the over-seasoning of the lamb in the Cobb salad.
And over-seasoning is ridiculous here!
My pork tenderloin sandwich with Southwestern fries was like being double-teamed by rubs and seasoning salt.
Now the tenderloin was tender, but like my friend's lamb, there was no tasting of anything but chilis.
Without like an aioli or some kind of dill yogurt to give your mouth a rest, it all just blends into generic spice tastes.
Adding in the heavyness of the dishes such as the recommended goat cheese queso fundido (Which was very delicious, but served with generic and easily breaking nachos)  you are left queazy and overfilled.
20 minutes after our meal, on which the salad was comped and we were given free creme brulees (chocolate toffee, so rich and creamy), I began to feel very ill.
I ended up doubled-over in a forums restroom, the final and worst part of it all.
I think of it as a science experiment, and sometimes science produces great things.
Sometimes you irradiate yourself.
This was more of the latter.
A lot of nice little things, such as the help and appetizers, but outweighed by a couple unforgivable offenses.
I also don't like a meal so poorly spiced that it causes my body to actually reject it.
Sorry Bobby, maybe you should return and retune.
My boyfriend loves this place!
They have about the nicest staff you could ask for.
There's no stereotypical haughty, know-it-all, jerkhole comic book clerk (think the Simpson's comic book guy) at Samurai.
They know their product and enjoy discussing comics, toys and anime with anyone and everyone.
Their selection of current comics is unbeatable, although they really could use more back issues.
When the death of Captain America issue came out, they sold out pretty much immediately.
Because the owner knew my boyfriend was a fan and a regular, he saved an issue just for him.
Ya can't ask better service than that!
Things I liked: The homemade chips (mmm), the red salsa, the tender chicken pieces in my enchiladas and the service.
Things that just didn't work for me- The green sauce was so blah I couldn't eat it without dousing it in the red to get a little flavor.
The beans and rice were disappointing as well.
Perhaps it is my lack of familiarity with New Mexican cuisine, but I was not impressed.
Went there last Friday before going to see a movie at the Queensway cineplex, the food there is good.
I ordered the small chicken burrito and it was more than I can eat.
Thought the food was good, the service was, lacking, to say the least.
The staff there were doing everything but providing good service.
I was the only person there and it still took 15 mins to make my order.
I didn't even mind the long wait time, but the unfriendliness from staff there was awkward and not welcoming at any means.
Though like the food, I WON"T be returning due to poor service.
I will however, try a different location in the future.
Travel to CLT a lot but this was the first time trying PZA.
Missed dinner tue to delayed flights, and missed breakfast due to early flight out.
Great breakfast pizza!
Did the job.
How cute is this little chocolate store :) inside the Golden Nugget, it's open until pretty late.
Tried the gourmet white chocolate with nuts Apple candy...mmmm!!
They also have ice cream, bonbons, liquor infused chocolates, toffee and pre packaged candies.
Small little store but will fix your cravings in big ways.
The wings are good and super cheap, but the clientele is a little sketchy.
I felt a little uncomfortable walking to & from my table, so I would probably return but next time with my fiance instead of my girlfriend...this is the kind of place I would come to in my grubby clothes and no makeup on a Sunday with a hangover.
Island must be a Malaysian word for bland.
We had the mango shrimp which tasted like water boiled bland shrimp with a green mango shredded and drowned in sweet and sour sauce.
Chicken fried rice was bland and the mango sticky rice tasted like house brand rice flooded in sugar water with a half ripe mango.
If you like food, this isnt the place to go.
Maybe just a bad day for them, but no excuses
I know you're salty because your food tastes like it, chefs are creepy and sweaty mixed with frump and seems very unsanitary, waitress is a huge snail yet there is no escargot on the menu?
everything sucks.. looks so dirty i swear i sat in the chair and dust flew up.
if I could give zero stars I would, 1 even seems to be too much.
Party of four wishes we would've went to our regular Ballentines spot for a steak and fries.
Clean, friendly and very user friendly.
Close to Wonderland and a great choice of fun for a rainy day.
Reasonably priced and food available for purchase.
They are generous with portions as well.
Shoes are typical and very used as expected.
Bring your own socks!!!!
Sensors for lanes actually work!
Don't pass the line:)
I love everything about Windsor.
I've been here a couple of times, and I loved them all.
The last time was my favorite.
We came here on Saturday night for my boyfriend's birthday and got a candlelit table on the patio.
Patio's are perfect in October, and this one rules.
The music they play is really good, but loud..which we enjoyed.
It's busy, but not so busy that you have to sit and wait forever.
I've gotten the brown bag chicken sandwich and the Windsor burger.
While the brown bag has all the amazing ingredients to make an amazing choice, it lacks just a little bit of flavor and is a little dry and "herby" tasting for my liking.
The burger however, is amazing.
The sweet potatoes and fried okra are delicious as well.
Four peaks pumpkin porter is a seasonal and we had that and the Sam Smith's cider.
(Two of my favorites).
One of our friends ended the night by getting the birthday boy a Chocolate Elvis...which is ice cream, bananas, peanut butter and whipped cream.
Windsor is awesome!
Very very unprofessional place.
A few weeks back I got my hair cut by Mustafa and It was wonderful as he gave me exactly what I wanted.
Came back again yesterday to get a bang trimming and they were clearly NOT busy at all but I heard the receptionist say "give her a few more minutes" and we waited like 20-30 minutes.
The hair stylist I had was exceptionally rude for no reason and cut my bangs way shorter than I've asked and even handed me the straightener and told me to straighten it myself if I wanted to so bad.
Like ?
Are you kidding me?
Bang trimming was free but I would've been happy to pay if they were to even remotely try to do a good job.
Receptionist was always rude to me no matter what as well.
Never EVER coming back to this place.
This place is a gamble and really a hit n miss with their service.
I used to tell all my friends about this but I'm telling everyone to NEVER come to this place again.
My favorite go to every time I'm in Cleveland.
The cold smoked filet is outstanding.
Do net let the location scare you.
A true gem
Cool decor, and excellent plates to share.
Even ran into young jeezy here....yeeeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhh(jeezy voice)
Got a response from the manager via Yelp.
He asked for my phone number so he could talk to me.
I promptly responded and gave him my phone number to call me.
Well, it has been a few days and no one has called me.
Is this some sort of scam to get my phone number?
Or do they just don't give a shit about their diners' opinions of their restaurant?
Once again, I reiterate my point: this restaurant sucks big time in service and management.
Best tacos in Montreal.
Definitely try the guacamole and if you like shrimps, the Rosarito taco is a must-have.
Menu on website says they have cold brew, but it's just regular iced coffee - misleading.
Best comics best owner in town!
Definitely have to check this place out!
Great deals and prices as well!
Skip the game and just hang out here.
So close to the stadium, all the pre game is here.
Cheap beer, great waitstaff.
Huge crowd hangs out and goes late to the game.
By the time they clear out, the early leavers from the game are coming back.
They have the game on TV.
I came back for the fireworks.
Great view from the bar.
Mesa Grill is good, solid food.
The prices are pretty outrageous at dinner, but brunch/lunch are very reasonable.
The mesa burger is great.
Also had the Pork Tenderloin which was really solid (should have been at $45+).
Margaritas are EXCELLENT and its a good place to get a primer into Tequila options.
I love the bread basket they bring....really really good.
This place is my neighborhood go to for Thai.
I've always enjoyed the dinner food over several years, both in restaurant and delivery.
I tried their mango smoothie for the first time the other day and I found a new favorite place for those now too.
Yay!
Crazy place with awesome music.
Although it can get crowded I loved the place for the music.
Great find right in the Lakes area.
Much smaller than anticipated, but that didn't affect our visit.
The place is physically split in half; one side is the bar, the other is the dining room.
For the happy hour specials, you'll need to be in the dining room.
We went on a Saturday around 6 and it was pretty busy in the dining room.
The bar not so much.
Service was prompt and friendly, food order was taken quickly and food delivered on point.
Wife had the prime rib - very good, plenty of food for 14.99!
I had the prime rib dip sandwich, tasty as well.
Definitely will be back, especially for breakfast.
sadly I have to write a bad review, I got food poisoning from here, I called to speak to the manager just to inform, but when I asked for the manager one of the employees told me to call back later, so I did, then I kept trying to call back and I never got an answer.
Other than that when I ordered the food, the front service was very polite and nice.
Here for the Arsenal Challenge tournament.
Nice enough facility but mosquitoes are out in full force.
Has playground for kids and a small pond.
Decent soccer fields and good baseball diamonds.
First time trying and really enjoyed the food.
Take out order, so hard to tell you about in house service.
But  Paul was a great
Food was prepared very well and fresh.
It was steaming hot.
Lollipop chicken - 4/5
Chicken Wings - 5/5
Manchurian chicken (gravy) - 4/5
Kungpao chicken - 5/5
Beef w/ beans and mushroom - 4/5
Szechuan fish(gravy) - 5/5
House fried noodles - 4/5
Yeng chow fried rice - 4/5


Portions are large, economical.
And they gave me order of white rice with all gravy orders.
Order was loaded up with condiments and cutlery also.
Place looked clean and very spacious.
Will definitely go back.
I've eaten at Akahana 8-10 times.
I love sushi and can't resist a bogo offer.
But I've never been completely satisfied with the food.
We've had the salt and pepper calamari on multiple occasions - sometimes delicious, sometimes over cooked and inedible.
Food inconsistency is such a bummer.
Most recently I called in an order for sushi take out.
When picking up my order, I asked the attendant (whom I later found out was the manager) for some low sodium soy sauce.
He seemed annoyed that I asked, grabbed a small, unmarked clear plastic container and handed it to me.
Upon arriving home to enjoy my meal, I noticed an odd fishy smell about my food.
Noooo!
After a couple of bites of sushi I had to stop and toss it --- the rolls tasted like funky fish!
I called Akahana and spoke with the manager who gave me the soy sauce, and while he offered to make some new sushi for me, I didn't take him up on it.
I also didn't ask for a refund.
I did however ask him to visit his kitchen and investigate why my two different sushi rolls shared the same fishy taste and smell.
I suspected it was the rice or the nori, but who knows.
I'm sad to say it because I love supporting Plaza Midwood businesses, but I will be taking a break from this spot for a while.
I hope things improve.
This is probably my favorite steakhouse in the country.
Steaks are the main attraction,  especially anything with a bone in.
Apps are delicious and sides are served family style.
Don't skip dessert
I was sent to Vision Source South Hills for a second opinion.
I enjoyed my appointments with Dr. Strain and found her to be knowledgable and attentive.
However, I was incredibly displeased with how I was treated by the staff.
I went through my vision insurance with a staff member and assumed this information was added to my file.
I called a month or so later to order contacts and was told I could not pay for the contacts when I came and picked them up; I needed to pay for them over the phone.
I have never paid for contacts before picking them up before but I figured it wasn't a big deal, just differences between offices.
Once I got the statement for my order, I realized that they had charged me the full amount and not run anything through my insurance company.
I called back and was met with no answers, saying they would call me back later.
They never did, so I called back again and finally learned that my vision insurance had never been added to my file.
After going through my information a second time, they then assured me they would file a claim with my insurance company and I would receive a check soon.
Never once in this back and forth did anyone from the staff apologize or recognize that they had made a mistake.
In fact, everyone I talked to seemed more agitated that they now had to reprocess the claim.
A month later, I received my refund along with an updated billing statement.
Amongst the revised patient/insurance payment was a statement describing why the revision was necessary.
It read: "patient originally did not say to use insurance and paid in full for contacts-decided a few days later she would like us to bill vsp and refund her the remaining balance".
This is the first medical establishment I have come in contact with that required me to advise them of my desire to use my medical insurance.
Professional medical establishments run benefit checks and inform the customer of their costs prior to performing the service.
While I feel Dr. Strain is a highly qualified ophthalmologist, I am exceedingly disappointed in the professionalism and efficiency of the office staff.
At this point, I do not see myself returning in the future.
I'm loathe to have my first review be a bad one, but I feel sort of compelled to write this review.
On a lovely holiday Monday, after some frisbee in the park, some friends and I decided we needed some food.
The Abbey seemed to fulfill all necessary criteria.
The criteria being: patio, beer and tasty food.
Well, it had two of the three, however, those two were not enough to redeem this place, especially in light of the laughably awful service.
Now, I'll admit that three of the people in our party got their food and enjoyed it.
However, two of us were not so lucky.
First we were given the wrong food.
The one other person who ordered at the same time as us (we sort of ordered in two shifts) got his food.
They took back our messed up orders, with the excuse that the computer wasn't working and thus the orders were messed up...uh okay.
Twenty minutes later we recieved the food we ordered, just as our friend was finishing his meal.
Unfortunately, my greek salad came topped with fetid feta cheese and the caesar wrap came complete with bugs squished on the lettuce.
The good news was that the food was comped.
However, it took us a little too long to pay as the debit machine phone line was being used by a disgruntled employee to complain about her employment situation and to utter expletives in that regard.
Needless to say we won't go back.
There are too many awesome restaurants and patios to waste any more time there.
We did enjoy the beautiful sunshine though : )
Lydiah's Coffee House is a prime example of what makes small business so great, particularly those in the food service industry!
The owner (Lydiah) is incredibly kind and friendly, and the food she makes is very delicious.
Every different menu item I've had thus far is of the curried variety, which is expertly done.
Not too much, not too little, just the right amount of delicious curry flavor.
The small lunch special is economical, but also jam packed with a great amount of food.
The Kenyan chai tea is also quite a treat which I will be enjoying the next time I stop in for lunch.
I have had dinner here two times, and loved both times!
Personally, I think there is a lot of mediocre food in Vegas, but Mesa Grill is definitely not mediocre.
We had dinner before seeing Cirque's "O".
The bread basket, as everyone says, is excellent.
I had the Partida margarita, simply divine.
My salad was great, with a little spice.
The spice rub pork tenderloin is the best pork I have EVER had.
It was so good, we raved about it so much, that the couple at the next table both ordered the pork tenderloin as well, and thanked us profusely for the recommendation!
I was a bit disappointed in the pear upside down cake for dessert.
It would only get 3 stars.
But the total experience is still 5 stars.
Great food but don't go if you ate in a hurry.
I was in the drive thru for 20 minutes with 1 person in front of me.
I am a big fan of fish tacos, some people cringe at the thought, but that's because they have never had a fish taco from here.
Rubio's by far has the best fish taco, it is absolutely delicious.
After 2:30 pm on Tuesday is "Taco Tuesday" and fish taco's are $1.50/ea.
Any place that has jars of candies lined along the ceiling is your first clue that I'll love it.
Second clue?
The fact that ALL they serve is dessert.
This Marble Slab Creamery is tucked away in the corner at the food court inside Market Mall.
It's hard to miss however because when you step into the vicinity, all you can smell is the sweet scent of waffle cones.
And considering you can smell THAT in the middle of a food court - that's pretty damn good!
Their ice cream is made daily in-store and they definitely hold true to their slogan: "The Freshest Ice Cream On Earth".
Marble Slab has an insane amount of flavours.
Everything from Vanilla Cinnamon to Cotton Candy.
And of course to celebrate the holidays, they also have Egg Nog and Pumpkin Flavours.
Oh, and did I mention that you get to choose mixins?!?!?
So not ONLY do you get to pick the flavour of ice cream you want, but you get to pick the mixins you want mixed in.
We're talkin anything from chocolate bar pieces, to fresh fruit.
So it's basically like a blizzard or a Yogen Fruz but in a cone, and with the freshest, most delicious ice cream you can imagine.
Once you've picked your ice cream flavour and your mixins, they mash everything up right in front of you on a frozen counter.
Then once it's all perfectly mixed, they scoop it into a cone (or a cup of you prefer) and you're good to go.
I haven't even mentioned yet that they also sell cakes, take-home pints, shakes, floats, smoothies and frozen yogurt.
I know, RIGHT?!?!??!
If you hadn't guessed it already, I'm definitely a fan.
In fact, it's 'Ice Cream Break' time!
See ya there!
WOW!!!!
I have never walked into a bakery that smelled this good.
That is the first impression.
The pastries are unique: not dried out, crusty pretty pieces.
Fresh, flavorful, not-too-sweet... just the right touch of flavor to leave a vibrant aftertaste.
Only a few variations.
That is because everything is fresh, made from scratch.
No commercial mixes here.
I really can't pick a favorite item, but the small loaves of bread are really special.
Large enough for two.
No leftovers.
If you have ever been to a bakery with dozens of different cookies, pastries and cakes... this is not that kind of bakery.
Better than I have tasted in Germany, France , Denmark or Switzerland.
Fresher.
Remember the word FRESH.
It defines La Gourmandine.
I wanted to add photos... but, sorry, I ate everything!
I don't like gristle in my hamburger so that did it for me.
I doubt I will ever return.
I don't mind paying $10+ for a burger if it is good quality.
Also, way too much gunk on my burger.
I like to be able to taste the meat.
We shared onion rings.
They were wet with grease but they didn't taste greasy nor did they give me stomach issues later.
I'm more a fan of batter dipped rings than breaded but I liked these.
The Better Half (TBH) and I were antique shopping next door and she decided to stay much longer than I expected, so I walked over here to watch some basketball in the Sports Book.
This place is a dump!
It's old and very smokey.
The last time I was in this casino, was in the late 1990's and it still looks the same.
I watched basketball games for around 2 hrs while TBH shopped and when I walked back to see her, she said I reeked of smoke....yuck.
Return Factor - 5%
I remember very well now, why I always avoided this particular joint.
For a place that seem to operate within the Fashion district-  and I assume they make big $$.
I strongly suggest to the owners to invest 20$ in the hygiene and look of the place.
Feels like you're eating in a 3rd world country cheap noisy cafeteria.
Yes they might have good coffee but if you decide to eat there....they  will trick you into taking a plate and will slide in side orders.
They will not be shy to charge extra ....so be careful.
Portions are small but taste is ok.
If you want something,  you'll have to chase for the waiters -  they will never make the effort to ask if you need anything else.
Other than that- its good place to keep up with the industry gossips or the annoying sounds of the sport tv's.
I normally don't write reviews but this place deserves one.
I am not from Madison and may not visit Fast Biryani again for a long time but already know I'll be having cravings for it that will make me want to visit Madison again just for this place alone.
Food was really tasty, the Paneer Tikka Masala I tried was not overtly spicy, and the restaurant was clean and nicely maintained.
Ok, I'm being generous  here and giving 4 stars, I really should give 3 and a 1/2, Here goes...I'm an LA resident and over the Summer I work in Vegas, this weekend I'm not going home, I'm traveling East to a family reunion so I wanted to get a Mani-Pedi before I go...this place is within walking distance and open late so I decided to give them a shot.
The young lady who did my pedicure was very sweet, attentive and friendly.
However, I was supposed to get a manicure as well and what I got was, well...half of that.
(hence the 1/2 star) while getting my pedicure, another young lady came over and grabbed my hand and pulled out the small shelf.
Then she put my hand down and walked away for maybe 6 or 7 minutes.
She returned with a nail file and I jokingly said "oh I thought you forgot about me"...(the look she gave me let me know that she didn't get the joke).
She proceeds to file my pinky nail then her friend walks in and she runs to hug her and never returns.
My pedicure and massage are done to perfection and I am assisted to the table to get my nails done by a different nail tech who just came in the door for her shift.
I assume she will perform the "actual" manicure, She doesn't.
No massage no cuticle oil no trimming or pushing back of cuticles...I had decided to try the SNS dipping powder and she just jumped right in, proceeded to file my nails and apply the powder.
She was very nice as well and very funny as was Danny who was beside us performing color application on another client.
The nail tech finished my SNS but the top coat was taking too long to dry and was dull looking.
Danny ended up fanning my nails by hand to help them dry then finally had the first girl (who walked away from me) to remove the top coat and apply a gel coat instead and use the UV light to dry it.
All in All The finished product looks pretty good, however I've determined that I am not a fan of the SNS powder as it looks thick on my natural nails as if I have chunky acrylic nails and I've never been a fan of those...not their fault, just not my cup of tea but for $70 (plus $15 tip) I should have gotten a complete Manicure.
I think next time I'll get my nails done while at home over the weekend, save myself some $$ and get full services.
Not worth it.
My friend and I both felt sick after ordering take out.
I suggest going somewhere else...
Service was ok.
The place was clean.
We ordered each item off the dim sum menu and honestly, the only thing I really like was the soup dumpling.
The artwork is great.
Very striking and captivating images that seemingly pop out of the frames with the vibrant  hues and colors.
The studio and it's salesmanship/service is decidedly less than impressive.
I ordered two pieces, Gorillas in The Mist and Tree of Truth.
The original art dealer who made our transaction was let go for untold reasons and was replaced by someone else(Mike?).
I only know this because I called to get a follwup on the delivery of the photographs because I have yet to hear from the guy who took over the account.
I think if someone took over the account, they should be taking the initiative to notify the customers of that change.
I basically had been getting no response from the emails I sent to my original dealer, and I had to call to find out what happened.
About four weeks later, I received the Tree of Trurth(alternatively called Wisdom Tree).
However, it was only by accident that I received it.
I stopped by my local USPS office to pick up an article by another merchant, and to my surprise the clerk brought me a package from the Rodney Lough Studio.
I have no idea how  long it had been at the USPS office, because I was never notified by Mike, or frankly anyone from this Las Vegas studio that the piece had been shipped out.
I wasn't notified by USPS either, but we all know and expect crappy service from the USPS - the main difference is that I didn't pay USPS thousands of dollars for a certain level of service.
I am left wondering:

If Rodney Lough Jr. Sells their pieces of artwork as being something of value and something to treasure...Why would they send it via the UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE like its junk mail??
Why not give the customer at least an email notification that it has been sent out???
I wonder if the people at the Peter Lik galleries provide better customer service?
Something that extends beyond the swipe of the credit card?
I am glad the Wisdom Tree was not lost or damaged in the USPS office, but I certainly expected better service than I have received.
Still waiting on the Gorillas in the Mist....hopefully it will be delivered to my door like they originally promised, and not by USPS.
This place is so good.
My wife and I have been here a lot since our first visit, just a couple weeks ago.
Can't stop thinking about that carne asada burrito!
Get the pork belly taco(s)!
All tacos are very tasty, but the pb stand out.
Just had the Inca salad with grilled shrimp...
Delicious!
Outro does it right.
Oh...
The chilequiles are just like the ones I've had in Guanajuato.
Real deal folks.
Great staff, tunes, vibe.
Arrived at 130pm for lunch.
Seated ourselves on the patio as usual.
We frequent this location.
But not anymore.
It's 212pm and and we have received chips and salsa, and a menu but no service.
No order even after my wife went in and asked for the server.
Seems the place is back to the ridiculously bad service we have had some years ago!
Good luck.
I'm in love with this place!
The food is amazing for sure.
They have my favorite bourbon, Bulliet, on special on fridays.
They play amazing music as well!
They crowd is always very eclectic and the bartenders are attentive and very nice.
I'm so happy I have found such an awesome local place!
I live around the corner from here and thought me and my daughter would give this place another try as our first visit wasn't so great..
Turns out the second visit wasn't much better.
I will say the patio is what got me to go there.
The service is disorganized and slow.
I ordered the nachos with cheese and salsa.
Adding guacamole and sour cream is a add on (3.00) and adding meat is 4.00.
We also ordered calamari.
Nachos came before the drinks and were served with all the ads ons ( that I didn't order ).
The drinks came and they were great !
Then came the calamari which was deep fried to a crisp.
My daughter who loves calamari actually gagged on her first bite.
The salt was intense.
We waited another 20 minutes before a server came back and told her I would like the bill and I would pay for my drinks, she said sorry brought me the bill without the food on it.
I don't usually dictate what I'll pay, however I wasn't paying for that food.
Unless I was simply going for the patio I would never chose to eat here.
For the money I expected more.
Food was ok, nothing to ooooh and awww over.
Service wasn't great, more like a diner and not what I would expect in fine dining.
Ali gratin potatoes were undercooked and my steak was also underdone, but my husband's was over done.
The decor was very nice in the front rooms but we were seated in the back overflow room with none of the nice features.
Overall it was just ok and I wouldn't go back.
Tip: Don't forget to get a punch card for a free wash!
My dogs nails seem to grow an inch a day and he will fight to not have them trimmed.
I have taken him multiple places but haven't had the success I have here.
They let me in the room while they trim his nails so I can hold and comfort him, plus they do all their grooming behind a window so you always know what is going on.
I drive twenty minutes out of my way to come here because we consistently have a fantastic experience.
I prefer to wash my dog myself (so I don't have any experience with the additional grooming services they offer).
The facility is always clean, easy to use and the employees are super helpful (and seem to really enjoy their jobs).
They have everything you could need to groom, including toothbrushes, brushes, and towels/dryers.
I always go with the basic wash and have been very happy with it (about $15).
Their pricing is the same no matter the size/breed.
My dog is about 45 pounds so for me it's worth it but might not be if you have a tiny dog.
The food/treats are great too.
Super healthy brands that I can feel good about feeding my dog.
They sell toys/leashes/collars as well.
We always end our trip with one of their bakery items, which my dog gobbles up.
They have a super sweet resident cat that doesn't seem to be bothered by much which we always say hi to on our way out.
Can't recommend this place more!
More like 2.5 stars.
I'm giving two so the owners will have more incentive to make the necessary tweaks.
I really wanted to like Strada 241.
It's a beautiful space and the service is friendly, but the food was lackluster.
We split a salumi plate and each had a pizza (I had the 'nduja).
The salumi plate was nice but a little on the small side and lacking in variety, with only three meats.
The pizzas looked good but were pretty tasteless - the cheese was bland, the sauce was bland and missing the necessary balance of tanginess and sweetness, and the crust was dried out and lacking flavor (probably a result of the electric oven).
I would come back to try the pastas and also to see if the pizza improves.
There's no lack of effort here and the food is honest.
Awesome burgers and friendly staff!
Loved that there was a pool table and corn hole.
Great place to hang out with friends and throw a few back.
Definitely recommend the sweet potato tots!
Excited to go back and try another new burger .
One of my favorite spots on queen st east.
There's nothing bad to say about anything on the menu but my favorite dishes are the completo sandwich either steak or chorizo are really good.
Also, the tacos are really good and authentic and again I enjoy the steak or choriO tacos but chorizo being more on my favorite side.
Check it out !
This little place is so cute!
i honestly loved the intimate/ family owned atmosphere.
Its Quiet and the service is great.
The chef is really nice too.
I only came in here for a fast fix so i only tried their kiss of fire roll, another roll which i dont remember the name of and some garlic edamame..
The kiss of fire is absolutely amazing!!
it super spicy though but it doesnt take away from the flavors i am definitely coming back for this roll.
The second roll was good too but it was really limey and im not into that too much but still very delicious!
their tuna is great

Only thing is that i probably wouldnt do AYCE here because i didnt see alot of variety for my taste.. but they do have 50% off any roll when you do a la carte dine-in which i think is great
Very clean and the staff is friendly!!
The specialty coffee is good when available (runs out fast on Sunday mornings).
Today's choice for coffee is "Butter Rum".
Yogurt Parfait is always good and a great morning starter.
Lots of choices for omlettes, I would suggest the Palermo.
Can get busy and crowded sunday mornings by 9 am so get here early if you can.
If there is negative rating, I will choose for this place.
We came to this place with group of 5.
After we finished disappointed dinner, we asked the waiter for the bill, they add 15% tips on top of it WITHOUT notify us, then we tiped them again, before we left the restaurant, one of our friend figured out the number was not right, so we asked the waiter for the receipt, he told us "Sorry, we don't have your receipt anymore after you guys paid", then we asked if the bill add tips already?
The waiter did not willing to response and just told us" I don't know" then walked away.
What a shame.
All in all, very bad experience, their cheap price come with the consequences.
Cheap quality of the broth and food, especially their "famous" lamb slices, bad services, unethical business conduct.
Will NOT come back agian.
Never have had a problem using Al Phillips.
The staff is friendly and they get the job done quickly.
Not to mention that they are very affordable.
I always use them for my dry cleaning needs.
I came unannounced at 730am on a Wednesday for 1x tire replacement and 4x tire rotation.
John sped me to the front that morning and had me out the door in under an hour.
Perfect.
First of all, this is a budget hotel currently under renovation.
Therefore all the mediocre reviews below should take into account that this property is in transition.
I first stayed here back in the 80's and gradually watched it deteriorate.
So its current condition is great in comparison.
The rooms no longer look like photos 11 and 12 posted above.
The rest are up to date.
* Positives:  Flat screen TV's on wood laminate TV walls, furniture has been updated since the photos posted, IKEA lighting, temperature controls in each room (but older units), very clean and loved the wood flooring over nasty hotel carpeting.
The current internet rate is $72/night.
How can you beat that in a central Toronto location?
I like that you need to use your room key to move the elevator.
This stops strangers from accessing the upper floors as the desk can't see the elevators.
There is a security guard on at night.
A concierge will also be located in the lobby in the future.
* Negatives:  The awful drapery and the bathroom still needs some improvement.
The room is small but no different than any other budget hotel.
The lobby and restaurant are being renovated so you have to deal with that.
Paying $10 a day for wireless is a bit too much.
I would stay here again.
Another plus, the Airport Express bus stops right at the door taking you to Pearson aiport for $20 (or $18 online).
English Laundry has landed!
A favorite label by many stars not for the name but the style, cut, and fit.
I was excited when I was walking around Town Square in Las Vegas and stumbled upon this gem of a store.
"Could it be?
Yes, it is THE English Laundry brand!
And they're having a sale!!!
BONUS!
Their cut and sew button up shirts come pre-tailored and tapered to contour your body for a very nice looking fit.
Everything they have is quality.
Stylish bowties will turn any nerd into desired.
And if they have their men's fragrance in stock, you're in luck!
Buy one or two.
They usually sell out very quickly.
In a world of big box stores and impersonal chains, Safrans' is a glimmer of hope for those of us who want to make grocery shopping personal again.
The store is not overwhelming and people are always glad to help.
It is a family run business and the owners are very big community supporters and this shows in every aspect of their business.
I think they have the best fresh meat selection in Pittsburgh and its all available at very reasonable prices.
If you have not stopped into Safran's before make sure you make it in, you will not be disappointed!
Staff/family are soooooo nice and pleasant every time I've been here.
Donuts actually only get 3 Stars.....while they are awesomely fresh, there's not a lot of variety with the donut itself or the icing.
I'm also comparing this to Jack Frost donuts which sets the bar really high.
Pricing is fair and place is clean.
My favorite donut is the cinnamon & sugar.
Absolutely ridiculously amazing!
Chicken Tikka masala was perfect.
Best I've ever had!
Love this place for fresh Cookies and breads.
Best (and only) bakery in town.
Small scale so things do run out.
I've heard the pizzas are also fab.
Love the chile relleno, get it with the ranchero sauce on the side so you can enjoy the crispy relleno and still get the tasty ranchero sauce.
The nachos serving was so huge, my kids shared it and still brought some home.
Super friendly service.
The food is delicious and the price is just right.
The servers are super nice as well!
One of the best hakka restaurants I have ever tried.
Very tasty panini and crisp salads with fresh ingredients in a lovely though crowded and noisy setting.
We split the Pomme - bacon, cheddar, apple slices with vinaigrette.
It was delightful!!
Wait staff was helpful and pleasant - until the end.
We were unaware that we were not supposed to leave the table to go to the bakery shelf and order some take out.
We were scolded a bit - which was fine but rather silly.
I mean it's more money in the bank and there was no signage or warning we'd be breaking an unspoken law!
Any way - the almond croissant and banana chocolate brioche was little better than average and tasted a day or so old.
So, maybe skip that part!
Basically the only place with the people I would trust with my brows!
They're so great at what they do & my brows have never looked better.
I came in for 3 appointments so far in the past & I can't wait to go in & see them again!
I never felt so confident walking out of an establishment such as this.
They also keep their work stations very clean & tidy.
The staff is also the friendliest around!
Food is ok, not happy with service, my waitresses name was Rihanna or something, she was very rude, got our order wrong then didn't seem to care, i suspect she spit in my sauce.
We go here regularly and always get great food and great service.
For a quick bite of mexican food, this is the place.
The Spring Rolls and Pinneapple Curry were very good, but I just wasn't impressed with the atmosphere or service.
I had the absolute stress.
The sunshine Sangaria is awesome!!!!!
I would definitely recommend this place.
I had the grass jelly milk tea and it was pretty decent.
Milky, cold, and the sweetness level is customizable for individual preferences.
The wifi here is also surprisingly good too!
A great new addition to the DeMarco family of ventures.
This was a pre-opening tasting, so they're still working on all of the fine points.
Nonetheless, it is a terrific spot.
The structure itself is very appealing, as they restored a 1940's-era building and exposed its beautiful brickwork, which is complimented with a stained concrete floor.
The bar is a proper one with a wide array of liquors and fairly ample seating for the size of the space.
The patio definitely will be the preferred seating choice so long as the weather cooperates.
We tried macaroni and cheese as well as the cole slaw starters; for $3 each, you could make a delicious, reasonably-priced meal from a collection of the starters.
The double dip starter (cobb dip and posole salsa with chips) was very good, though I almost preferred the dip and salsa without the chips because they're so flavorful.
The mixed grain salad was a good choice, too, though I might try to find something other than the orange vinagrette to put on it.
The wine on tap was tasty, and they'll also have a small list of about 8 bottles.
Again, the official opening isn't until the 25th, so they're still honing the fine edges.
In any event, we'll be there far too often for our own good!
As I was leaving the store I found a pair of white Shimano on the clearance table for $100...a perfect fit  YAY, loved the intense workout in Billie's class at LVAC this am thanks guys and thanks Billie for teaching me how to clip in
I just wish this places wasn't so packed all of the time, but with food as good as this, what do you expect.
I have only tried a few sauces (Carolina and Georgia Peach) and they are awesome.
I get the wings every time I come here.
I have tried the pulled pork, catfish sandwich and even a burger.
The food is always great.
I just really wish I could sit down and enjoy lunch here without a ridiculously long wait.
Love this place!
Delicious, creative small plates, and our server Holly was wonderful!
Ran into this place while headed to BJ's pub.
The manager was friendly, the selection is awesome.
So many they are piled up on the floor.
One customer pointed out a box and raved about them for a few minutes.
Overall good time, will go back.
Prices were a little on the high side, but the choices are great.
Back in August, I was wanting to get a massage so I asked my girlfriend Jenny if she had any good but affordable recs.
She suggested Suzanne & I called right away to try & make an appt for that wknd.
Unfortunately, she was already booked but had an opening the following Sunday, so I immediately took the spot for a 90 min classic massage.
I had a lil trouble finding the location but I called Suzanne & she was able to guide me, even with my horrible direction skills-I am by a, uh building with balconies.
Lol bless her heart!
Suzanne is very personable & makes you feel at ease.
We spoke some during my massage but not too much where I couldn't enjoy it.
She applied the right amount of pressure for my preference & I was in heaven the entire time.
My 2nd experience with Suzanne was late September, my mom got me a massage as a gift.
This time I chose the lava shell massage.
If you have ever experienced a hot stone massage, this is similar.
But in my opinion so much better!
I am going to try & see Suzanne once a month or at least every other month.
I used to think massages were not necessary & just too expensive, but that was before I experienced Time For You with the amazing Suzanne!
:) 

*Also, she has a website with a ton of info on it: www.timeforu.net
I love this place.
My friend introduced me to this place about 5 years ago and I eat there when ever I can.
The food is great and the same people have worked there for years.
If you're looking for a fancy restaurant this is not the place, if your looking for good food look no further.
I like the Chicken Sharma and the Hummus is the best I have ever eaten.
The portions are big and the prices are really good.
It's hard to find a cheap, fast good quality restaurant but Haji Baba has it all.
If only I was able to give them more starts.
This place is THAT good!
I usually order the curry chicken sandwich w a organic green tree and oh my $&:xbs- the meal is to die for... Makes me debate whether or not to get more than 1 order.
Oh and did I mention he owner is behind the register!
Such a nice guy friendly guy!
Before deciding to make a long overdue trip to White Oaks, I was under the impression I was making a mercy mission to save this prohibition era speakeasy given the probable dominance by Crocker Park and sprawl to Avon Lake.
Boy was I mistaken.
The parking lot was jammed and therefore forced to eat in the lounge without a reservation.
In the end, probably a better choice.
The lounge, though seperate, actually shares the main dining room's huge picture window view of the heavily forested ravine and Cahoon Creek.
The rustic decorating and dark tones with a glowing fireplace makes you think you might be in a roaring 20's hideaway.
The bartender was a pro - courteous, efficient, "healthy" drink pourer.
The lounge menu struck us as pricey at first but fears were quelled when our neighbor's order arrived.
We opted for the steak sandwiches which came with potato or salad.
Prepared perfectly and just enough to satisfy.
We felt very good about our choices all around.
I was taken by the sheer number of people and traffic when compared to the prices, Cleveland economy and aforementioned new options.
It looks like White Oaks has not changed, serving excellent food and taking caring of its customers.
Definitely worth a re-review upon eating in the main dining room.
Blood Brothers Brewing is worth the trek to at least a visit.
I have been drinking Shumei and Paradise Lost for awhile which are available on taps at Good Catch Boil House.
And here I was, finally here and able to try out more of their beers!
You can either order a sampler or a half pint or a pint from their ever rotating draft list.
And in case if you rather just want to pick up a bottle or 6 of them from the shop, you can also ask for a taste before committing.
If you are into sour beers, you would be delighted with their interesting IPA, Sour Ale which used different kind of fruits.
And their Sour Ale White Lies series uses different grapes was also quite interesting too.
Come by for a drink or 2 and enjoy their casual setting with friendly service and of course some good beers!
PS.
You can even order bottles delivered to your place via their online shop.
Very Modern hotel and easy access to conference center.
I enjoyed the one night I stayed there for an event.
The staff was good and they were very attentive with my requests.
The restaurant is ok and the iCafe is good.
Explain to me why I need to pay for parking when they do NOT have enough spots, they do NOT enforce parking, and we had a handicap guest with us and no handicap spots were available because NON HANDICAP vehicles were parked in handicap spots.
Mangement basically laughed in my face and did not seem to care.
So not worth it NOTHING worse then RUDE STAFF!!!
!
Exceeded my expectations.
Rooms were well kept and clean.
Very spacious.
Great if you have kids.
I really like the atmosphere of this restaurant/brew pub.
The beer selection is pretty good here if you want to try different beers, and their food is pretty good.
I came here for brunch which was average, but I really enjoyed the pizza I ordered on a different occasion.
I would recommend this place as a nice spot to go for dinner.
Such a pleasant surprise once you walk in the door.
The ambiance and food is well worth it!
Was very comparable to food we had in thailand
I was worried after reading the negative comments below.
But i am pleased, very pleased with my cleaner that arrived early enough before the set time to meet each other.
She was friendly and so was the service by phone i received when I called to book using my deal voucher.
I have set another appointment for next month requesting her again.
I gave this place 2 chances.
i love japanese food and really wanted to love this place because it is close to home.
I was underwhelmed the first time and disgusted the second time.
the food was tasteless and not what the menu stated.
Soba noodles are not white, they are buckwheat and are beige at the lightest and brown at the darkest.
When I called (i had delivery) to tell them that I did not get what I ordered, I was told that it was correct and I was wrong.
Food was tasteless and service was Awful.
Do not waste your money or your time.
A friend took me here for my birthday.
Seating is first come/first serve.
Upon arrival, I gave hostess my phone number and they would text me as soon as a table became available.
Watched people come and go.
An hour later and we still hadn't been seated.
When I inquired about how much longer it would be, turns out the hostess wrote down the wrong number.
We were seated immediately after that, but it took a while for waiter to bring drinks and take order.
As far as food selection, menu is unique in offerings.
I went with the pita chips and tzatziki dip, fried goat cheese on bruschetta, and mini burgers.
Server did not check in with us often and forgot my burger order.
I finally got it and manager apologized, but due to lack of attention I passed on ordering the sushi as we had already been there a long time.
We also got free drinks because of the inconvenience.
Even with the poor service, the food was absolutely delicious and I would be willing to give it another try.
Absolutely AWFUL!!!
The most incredibly unprofessional establishment I have EVER been to.
Not only are their prices stupid expensive but they do a terrible job!
I think it is pretty pathetic when i can do my own nails and they look much better than someone who is supposed to be a licensed professional.
When I went the other day not only were my nails not straight but the technician (Her name was Lin I believe)  flied the skin off the sides of my fingers and made them BLEED!!
When i said "uhm I am bleeding" she wiped the blood off (not gently) and tried to act as if it did not happen.
I was still charged full price even after being injured!
I walked out literally crying because my fingers were burning in so much pain.
Later my fiance and I went back to speak with the manager/owner about the situation and he LAUGHED TO OUR FACE!!!
He did not apologize, all he said is that he would fix it, but last time I checked you cannot just magically heal someones cut fingers.
When I asked to see the license of the technician he said "I do not have to show you that".
I find it highly likely that he refused to show us the license because she probably does not have one.
There is so much more I could say about how awful they were but I think people should get the idea.
I WOULD NOT EVER SUGGEST ANYONE GO HERE!
I came here on a Saturday and the service was horrible.
There was no refills on the bread, the food took over 35 minutes to be served.
Mind you, I only ordered a sandwich.
Please stay away from this place, especially if you're used to good food, service and atmosphere.
The restaurant is open and well laid out.
The staff are friendly and quick.
The menu is packed with the comfort foods.
Well, I'm not quite sure how they were lucky enough to get a 4 out of 5 on Yelp.
My trip there last night was less then stellar.
We were out for my sisters birthday (a table of 12 of us all drinking).
The place was dead inside .
By 10pm they closed the kitchen.
By 11pm they did last call, yes last call at 11pm on a Saturday .
Yes there drinks are nice but who does an 11pm last call on a Saturday night ?
!
I have been going to this restaurant on and off since we moved into the Richmond Hill area 16 years ago.
Tonight on our way back from the hospital and being Labour Day we thought we would call them to see if they were open.
So I got Siri going and got the number.
I dialed it and asked if they were open.
The lady on the phone said that they were very busy and that I should make a reservation.
I did and off we went.
When we got there the first clue that something was amiss was that the place was nearly deserted and they could not find my reservation.
We took our seat and proceeded to order.
Not five minutes into this and we get a call from a local number, it was the first restaurant we called wondering where we were.
As it turns out the owners of Cynthia's created a tangent restaurant called Cynthia's Paradise and put it literally right next door.
Talk about confusing your market.
Given the way the night was going to unfurl we should have packed up and gone next door.
I ordered the Hot and Sour Soup to start.
This is one of my favourites and when I looked at the $4.95 price tag I assumed we were going to get a bowl big enough to share.
When it came I got this little golden globe before me which revealed inside an even smaller ceramic bowl which if it held 1 cup of soup I would have been amazed.
The soup was adequate.
It has a nice balance of all the flavours I am used to but in no way was this worth 5 dollars.
I mean for just one dollar more at another chinese restaurant I got a bowl of soup so large that it would have filled that little bowl before me 20 times over.
What really drove the point home though was the little tiny $3.50 Egg Roll and the 2 HarGow for $4.50.
This place was way over priced.
So maybe the service was going to be exceptional.
I mean, there were more people on the floor, behind the counter and that could be seen in the kitchen than there were patrons sitting at the tables.
The 2 HarGow came one at a time in the tiniest steam boxes I have ever seen.
We ordered Moo Shu Pork, Chinese Broccoli and the House Special Fried Rice.
The food took way longer to get to us than was comfortable for me but taste wise it was very good.
Far too expensive but very good.
Ended the meal with the Deep Fried Creme Brulee and with a 13% tip the meal came out to $94.75.
Frankly I can think of a number of places that I would like to spend that kind of money for 2 people.
Cynthia's Chinese Restaurant is no longer one of those.
As a comparison the meal at Cynthia's Paradise would have cost $54 for two people all you can eat.
I will do a review of Paradise when I go there but this place will never see another dime from me.
I really hate giving bad reviews for small businesses but I wish I went to Harvey's :(  the people Are very friendly but they forgot my coleslaw and my gravy.
When I got  to work to eat it they gave me malt vinegar for my halibut!
No lemon wedges either.
The fries are the only thing I can eat and they are nothing to brag about.
The halibut is very greasy too
After my first visit here blew!
I contacted Ashley furniture on their website and the Sales manager got back to me the following day.
He said he would honor the price of the 7 piece bed set and we had to order it because the stock gets rotated.
Okay understandable.
It's $79 to deliver on the weekdays and $89 for the weekend.
I will consider my options I'm still thinking that set is a steal for $595 and the style is gorgeous.
Best gyros !
Great portions and their fries are wonderful !
Employees very friendly and polite.
We will be going back every chance we get.
I've only had one gyro better and that was at the stand at Westside Market, but these are  close to a tie.
Love them !
This store has some excellent customer service.
I've been going here for years and always get asked several times if I need help.
I'm a needy kind of person, lol.
So I know  I  will get  some great advise when I go here.
In this day in age with service it's nice to know where I can find some awesome assistance.
Don't forget to ring the bell when going out the door, they have that up there to tell the employee's they were helpful and you were happy with your service.
:)
Aft Kitchen and Bar was opened not too long ago in Riverside (on Queen East).
The place is small and properly furnished with wooden tables, wooden counter top, and wooden light fixtures.
The brick wall gives some needed warm and character.
We may went there on a cold evening but reality is that the place was fairly cold and I had to keep my jacket on while in there.
Not very pleasant.
They don't take reservations but as long as you arrive before 7PM I think you should be fine.
I opted for having their featured dish, a buttermilk fried chicken with coleslaw, biscuit, and collard greens.
At first I thought that the chicken was moist but it ended up being somewhat dry.
It was a bit on the flavorless side (disappointed).
The collard greens were great and so was the biscuit.
The coleslaw was very average.
They did not win me with that dish.
Aft Kitchen and Bar  did not have a cocktail menu but they had a list of available wines.
I had a chardonnay from Estrada Creek and the wine also did not wow me.
I don't have any reason to come back there and I quite did not understand what was their strength.
Oh well, I don't expect to find bliss at every bite.
Miso happy!
This is the best sushi I've had in Phoenix.
By far.
Hands down.
Best miso soup - ever.
I had their salmon oyster roll thing - raw oyster wrapped in a piece of salmon with salmon roe on top.
It was divine!
(I fantasize about this, seriously.)
Their soft shell crab is... wow.
Melt in your mouth perfection.
They don't do happy hour, but the prices end up being very reasonable for what you get.
I tried their baby yellow tail and a huge piece of clam.
Tasty!
Yasu is small, so get there early.
The place can fill up quick!
I love the atmosphere inside.
The service is superb and the staff is uber-friendly.
When we walked in, the guy behind the bar waved at us.
If you don't live nearby, it's ok.
The sushi is definitely worth the drive.
And if you live close-by, I hate you.
(Just kidding.
Or am I?)
Nice place for kids to play at the castle and have a picnic.
It has a restroom and walking trail.
Great that the community put it together and it's free.
This place is good.
I haven't actually been to the restaurant, but had the food delivered to our hotel.
Me and my friends had just got done clubbing at XS and it was around 1am (my friend was really drunk lol) so I told them about Krung Siam because I had them deliver food before and it was good.
We ordered food and by the time we got back to our hotel, we only had to wait a few mins and the guy was there with the food.
The food is good and they deliver so yeah i was happy lol.
Hard to explain how bad their Shrimp Pad Thai is.
But I'll give it a shot.
Imagine cooked rice noodles and cooked shrimp.
That's it.
No sauce, no flavor, no complexity, no effort, no passion, no purpose, no sustenance--need I say more?
I have no clue how this passes as Thai much less a restaurant.
I would ask for a refund but I'm going to pretend this experience never occurred.
I would give this place one star for customer service but I'm giving it 2 stars only because my nails turned out nice...  my original nail shop is in green valley & ever since I moved I was being lazy to drive all the way there so I decided to check this place out..
I just wanted to change my nail color (shellac) so I called and asked how much would it be and the guy said $20 so once I got there I picked out a color and told her I wanted silver glitter on the top.
She picked out the glitter that was more pricey and didn't even tell me it would be another $5 charge..
I knew it was gonna be extra $5 because I get my nails done all the time & usually get that kind of glitter so I didn't mind but I feel like they should tell a customer ahead of time if there will be more additional charges.. and so when it came to paying she charged me $30 to just change the color without a manicure..
I asked her I thought it was $25 for shellac nail color change & the glitter and she made up some excuse which I couldn't even understand.
So I will not be coming to this salon again because they just make up there own prices depending on the customer... 
Other than the lady being kinda rude and not talkative, the guys that work there are more talkative and friendly so if you go there make sure you go to the guys instead of that lady..
My first time at Smashburger and it was a positive experience.
The staff was friendly and accommodating and my Mushroom Swiss Smash was flavorful and juicy.
I made the mistake of ordering large Smash Fries to share and they were a bit oily and seemed completely unnecessary since we ordered shakes too; that was the only part of our meal we didn't finish.
The Oreo and Peanut Butter Chocolate shakes were delicious but a bit small considering their price of $4.29.
Have been here for about 3 years now and really enjoyed staying here.
The staff is great and always there to help you with smiling faces!
The location is great and very quiet neighborhood, 
The pool is amazing and is very clean.
All of our maintenance requests have been taken care of on the same day.
Great show.
It is a very fun show and it is truly very interactive!!!
It is definitely for adults and if you get offended easily then don't go.
It is definitely a bargain and a great time.
As far as the seating I would definitely do more towards the front.
It is a better view and a lot more fun to see everything up close.
Grab a drink and have a fun time!!
!
Used to be a good place.
Has gone downhill the last few years.
I already know their pizza is not good anymore, it was when they first opened, but I was in the mood for pasta and decided to give them a chance to redeem themselves .
I ordered to go and when I got their at 8 pm on a Saturday night and there was only one two person table and no other people in the restaurant, I had a feeling something wasn't right.
Spent $23.17 on two pastas to go.
One the was spaghetti with meat sauce, I would compare it to a can of Chef Boyardee.
The other was a pesto pasta with chicken, not very good either.
Threw them both in the trash

After this meal, I also threw my Streets of New York takeout menu in the trash
This place is the real deal.
Everything was super fresh and very tasty!
Our server was also very knowledgeable about the menu and all the ingredients in all of the chefs dishes.
After 2 years of trying to go at it (unsuccessfully) alone on a short sale, I was referred to Xenophone by my real estate agent.
I am so grateful I found them!
I first met with Xenophone and he spent about an hour answering every question that we had during our first meeting.
When we arrived, Xenophone had already reviewed our file and had a recommended course of action.
We learned a lot about the process and had a sense of comfort about his knowledge and track records with success on our type of short-sale.
We were able to work out a convenient payment plan and retained Panda & Associates services when we left.
It took four months and countless hours by Xenophone's staff to get this short sale approved.
We are in the final stages now so its not completed but looking encouraging.
The staff here is extremely responsive, very good about communicating and always prompt with updates.
We had a few close calls with the sales date looming and the staff put in overtime with late/early calls to work on our account.
Ill update when everything is finalized, but at this point, I have been happy to refer my family and friends to this firm and have only positive feedback.
The next time your in need of a eye exam and/or any eyewear I would strongly suggest that you give "ALL THINGS EYES" a try.
Their front staff members are exceptional as is Dr. Wong.
Everyone bends over backwards to make sure you get just what you want, great selection of eyewear.
You won't be dissatisfied.
I'm so glad that they decided to make the move into the South West area of Las Vegas.
I definitely will be going back there the next time I need an eye exam & any new eyewear.
Ripoff is the only to accurately describe my experience.
To further explain the price was too high for what you got in return which was overcrowding to the point inhibiting participation.
The experience could all be had on wii and a local gym.
I was so excited for this to open and was hesitant after reading some reviews but I finally went and loved it!
I think there are some issues because it is new, it is popular, and it gets crazy on Fridays and Saturdays.
I went on Sunday and still had to wait in a line but it went quickly and wasn't and issue.
I think in time it will get more efficient on busy days.
Service was great, our food was surprisingly good, beer was tasty, and the place is just fun!
Definitely feels like Oktoberfest with the great German band they had playing.
I look forward to coming back in the summer when the outside area is all open.
If you can, check out the Hermit Club portion of the complex.
A very cool historic building that fits perfectly with the Hofbrauhaus!
lots of selection, decent service, cold beverages.
Whats not to like.
I had the teriyaki wings and my guest had the medium bbq, and we shared some fries, veggies & dip.
Wings were awesome, fries were OK, veggies were OK.
But its not called wild fries and veggies for a reason i suppose.
WHY SO EXPENSIVE?!?!
I know the reason why is because of the rent, but damn.
I used to work at Starbucks so I know the normal prices at a Starbucks that's not located on the strip.
The 3 stars is not for the service, but for the prices.
The staff here was very friendly.
They had a good 10 people working which was a shock to me since my store didn't have that many people working at one time.
Everyone was doing something and they made my drink within a couple minutes which was pretty quick.
Ordered a simple grande iced coffee, no classic, 2 pumps white mocha.
Tasted like how it should have.
Great service, but not so friendly prices.
When you need coffee though, you need coffee.
So the price doesn't really matter when you are tired!
**A plus is that it's located in between the casino and the convention center so if you are headed to a meeting/convention you can easily stop by here for a drink.
First visit here and I can not find any faults.
The place is nicely decorated and in great shape.
I only say this because so many Chinese restaurants I go to look like they never repair or update their furnishungs.
The menu has all the popular items but is not overly huge.
We ordered egg drop and wonton soups and then  Mongolian beef and Curry chicken.
Everything was served in a timely manner, looked great and tasted even better.
Very happy we decided to drive a little farther for this experience.
I think too many times we settle for what is convenient instead searching for better
There is a good reason this shop has 5 star ratings.
This is my second time using them I am very pleased with the work they performed.
As the case from my previous visit, my car was properly diagnosed and I was promptly called with details on the repairs.
I have owned this particular Mercedes for 10 years and do most of the work myself.
I knew what the issue was with my car before I took it to them, so I can with confidence say that they are honest with the repairs they recommend, and they are done properly.
If you have never seen this shop before, it is clean and orderly.
The last time I visited,  the bays where filled and they where working on some old SL's which was nice to see.
Instead of going to the dealer come here and like myself you will end up being a repeat customer.
I've got good news and bad news.
Good news: Ginko is a little bit better than a Conde Naste's 2015 Gold Awarded 3-Star Michelin rated Sushi restaurant with a 1-month waiting list in Tokyo Japan.
Bad news?
I had to spend $230 dollars on dinner in Tokyo to figure that out.
- Jay Zarkovacki
Today I had my three dogs groomed by Victoria.
She did a wonderful job, arrived on time, was very friendly and my dogs look great!
They scheduled me within a couple of days.
I will definitely use their services again, thanks for doing a great job
Tom is on his truck working nonstop, very impressed with his work ethic.
For this reason forgive him if he doesn't pick up his phone.
He did return calls.
Demo'd my 40,000 gallon pool in 3 days.
Lowest quote, and also handled city permits and is licensed.
Very impressed.
I loved this place and so did my kids.
They both received great haircuts.
You know someone has a good haircut when people stop you and asks where you got it cut!!!
!
As others have indicated, perhaps this store could have done a better job coming up with their name, as they are much more than a wine store.
I didn't know that for a long time and I'm disappointed that I spent so much money buying my liquor at supermarkets.
Now that I've discovered Total Wine it is pretty much my sole stop for not only wine but beer (I am incredibly non-loyal to beer brands, I like to try new beers from all of the world).
I also stock up on my hard alcohol at Total Wine and have recently discovered they have a decent selection of cigars.
The store is pleasant, with kind of a woodsy warehouse feeling to it.
Most of the staff are knowledgeable and pleasant.
The prices across the board are reasonable.
They have long hours and tons of parking.
Maybe the only slight downside is they chose to locate in Desert Ridge, which is not a mall that is easy to just pop in to.
I think Desert Ridge is more suited to stores like Target, to the movie theaters, and to the food court than to a food/liquor store that I might want to go to for one or two items every few days.
I'm amazed I've never reviewed this location.
Guess it's been awhile.
But I had to write a review since I've been avoiding Panda ever since they started substituting corn in their fried rice due to the egg shortage.
But I decided to give it a try.
Got half fried rice, half chow mein, with honey sesame chicken and teriyaki chicken.
Everything was pretty good.
Even the fried rice... the corn honestly had no flavor.
No taste whatsoever.
I don't know why they have to put it in there.
Because it sorta looks like egg?
Just leave it out!
Geez.
But the food was good.
Had to wait for them to brew some more iced tea cuz it ran out.
And they didn't give us any fortune cookies.
=\
I went here with my sister and nephew, it's a little dark but our waitress was super friendly as well as the other staffers.
The food was also delicious.
Hostess was helpful even the waitress who was on break was friendly.
I will be back.
I
I've been going to Jordan's since I was a kid.
The food is consistent and good, and the staff treats you like you're family.
It's a very relaxing neighborhood restaurant and a great value!
The Master Spa has the best foot massage that i ever had...i am from Los Angeles.. there are many of foot massage places there...but none of them like this one..so friendly and has very good skills..especially the therapist Lin-Lin...wow..so amazing!!
Definitely recommend and will come back every time i visit vegas~~~ Nothing more but A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
My new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.
Do yourself a favor.
Go, sit at the bar, let them choose what you eat and drink.
The kitchen and bar are both killing it!
Watch this place blow up on the Vegas restaurant scene.
Mark my words.
I'm sooo surprised to read all this negative comments and star rating of this place.
A couple of my friends and I were around the area and wanted to grab a quick bite before we went to explore hard rock!
Our first impressions when we walked in was that the place was really  clean, they had jukeboxes and it was playing 50's music.
I ordered their regular hamburger as well as an Oreo shake, which was recommended by our server.
Our food arrived in about five minutes and wow, this is not your average hamburger!!!!!
It was delicious!
The shake was thick and well worth the money.
I only wished the hamburgers would come with fries as they were all separate but considering how yummy everything tasted it doesn't matter!
The manager was in fact the person who served our food, she was very nice and had a Russian accent.
She was nice enough to even split our checks 3 ways after we got the receipt and told her we forgot to mention separate receipts.
If I am ever around the area I would def come back.
EXCELLENT ‼......this one word sums up my experiences since 2012 at this Sprint Store.
Joseph, Brandon, and Anna have been VERY helpful when I've had issues with my phone.
They care...and that very important attitude combined with their product knowledge makes for an "A+" skill set.
Best pedi I've ever had.
Perfect massage!
Literally perfect.
Kim was amazing!
Will be requesting her in the future.
I loved the vegetarian dishes!
Would highly recommend  the vegetarian pho and vegetarian spring rolls.
Stumbled on this gem on my way to Bang Bang... and I am glad I did.
This was my first time trying Cuban food so I wasn't sure what to expect.
All I can say is that it is delicious!!
It was a cute narrow restaurant with a diner feel.
It was well portioned and had a good balance of flavours.
Asked my manicurist twice to round out my nails, twice to make them even lengths, heck she even tried to pretend not to notice that she was missing 1/2 cm off the side of one of the nails (that one I refused to let slide).
All in all, my nails look ok, but after spending a frustrating hour and a half having to repeat (with photo) of short acrylic nails, I left feeling flustered, and that's the third time in a row.
It's a cheap place to get your nails done but if you're the kind of person who pays particular attention to detail, beware.
I leave the 4 stars because they'll correct it if you point it out to the manager, but I don't like the fact that I would have to.
None else will ever notice, but my left thumb nail sticks out 2-3 times further from my fingers edge than my right, and I shouldn't leave the salon to go home and fix my own nails.
First timers here!
Super friendly staff, ordered a Rebel, Freeze and Birthday cake.
Great drinks!
I have been here about four times for lunch over the last two years and each time it has been consistently good.
I am not a Mexican food aficionado but it definitely seems different than the usual Tex-Mex a la Laredos.
On my last visit two weeks ago, I had the 7.95 grilled steak lunch special.
Rice and beans accompanied a nice grilled piece of flank steak covered with a deep dark mole sauce hinting of chocolate.
Subtle + simple = sophisticated.
Nice.
Tasty and fresh guacamole too and homemade tortilla chips!
It is not a large restaurant and some would say it is a little cramped.
I call it cozy and serene.
This place really does it right.
They have a small but focused menu, and the food is pretty basic: burgers, wings, pizza, and a few sides.
But you can tell that they do everything from scratch and the quality is outstanding.
I dare say the burger is better than Fatheads right down the street (also a great burger).
Highly recommended!
We have visited this location about 5 times.
Most recently right before closing.
The food was hot and fresh like always.
Good burgers for a good price.
The milkshakes, in our opinion, are not very good.
Some of the best cookies I have ever eaten.
I am a big fan of oatmeal cookies and my favorite so far is the oatmeal peanut butter chocolate chip!
Yummm!
It is a chunky cookie filled with lots of good stuff and tastes like just out of the oven.
The owner says they do mail orders and also gluten free.
The shop is charming with unique one of a kind items.
Owner is friendly and welcoming.
The shop seems like a comfy place to sit and enjoy your cookie and tea.
Maybe next time I will try their cookie sundae with ice cream drizzled with caramel sauce.
The food wasn't bad.
We had pizza, ribs, and fried chicken.
We are in town for an event and found them on Restaurant.com.
Our server Melissa was awesome.
Very friendly and attentive.
I hope to come back.
We were one of the first into the restaurant, a large group of about 15 on a Friday night.
Food was hot, delicious and constant and service was great!
Favourites included: garlic sirloin, signature steak, cornbread and of course the pineapple!
Several times during the meal they checked to see if there was anything we wanted more of.
Live music was a nice treat.
We were reminded two hours after arriving that it was time to leave due to the time limit.
WOW!
The sandwiches here are off the hook!
Not expected considering it's sitting inside of a mega resort.
My wife had a club sandwich and I had a pastrami sandwich.
Both were excellent!
The bread was fresh, the meats were utterly tender, and oh so flavorful.
You get a whole pickle with your sandwich, not just a spear.
Here's a tip if you want your sandwich quicker.
Have a drink at the 32 bar right next door and order your food from there.
It took less than ten minutes for our sandwiches to get to us after we ordered them.
That's fast considering the line for this place is always super long.
First Star - The price is great and affordable to fit any budget.
Second Star - The location is conveniently located in a spot.
Third Star - The customer service provided by Melly / Melli was great.
Fourth Star - The place was clean and no spills on the floors.
Fifth Star - My overall experience was better than expected.
I definitely recommend going here if you need your clothes washed.
(Thank you for reading this review - I am writing reviews of everywhere I eat when I dine out, places I shop, movies I watch and much more.
Stay posted with #ReviewByMariaMescal)
I didn't know it is a Playa Cabana chain restaurant until I see the bill!
It was yesterday, a day with freezing rain.
When I called in and made reservation in the Morning, I didn't think it'd be a full house on a day like this( April snow).
I'm so glad that I did when I arrived this hidden gem in a not so busy neighbourhood.
We ordered cheese Jalapeño for starter, osso buco and braised lamb for main.
Everything was delicious!!!!
So richly infused with all kinds of spices!
The cheese jalapeño looks a little unpleasant under the red neon light, but after the first bite, we are totally sold!!
Both osso buco and braised lamb come with tostadas and beans and rice, no need to order separately.
The portion was quite generous for two girls, next time we will probably cut one main and do one more starter.
My only criticism would be the size of the table.
For Mexican food, it'd be great if we have a little bigger table for the many dishes.
But I understand that it is built upon a small townhouse, won't be able to have so many people if the table is bigger.
Advise before going: 

1,it's going to be fully packed, make your reservation early.
2, it's going to be loud, don't expect to sit in a quite corner.
3, ask the waiter for recommendation, they give great tips!
The flavor was off, hard to describe but it tasted weird.
I had the thai tea and my friend had a milk tea, both tasted weird and we've been to dozens of boba shops.
The boba was old and very hard, when I asked about it the staff said that's the way it is and he implied I really didn't know what I was talking about.
In addition, staff was abrasive and frankly kinda rude.
Fun place...good food and an oxygen bar.
My friend did a deal at the oxygen bar where she got a massage and some essential oils to relax so I thought that was a nice touch.
We ordered a few apps and drinks.
The vibe is fun and makes you feel like you truly are on an island somewhere.
I enjoyed my tortilla soup and a friend had the spinach dip which was pretty good.
If I'm ever at the Treasure Island hotel again I'd definitely pop in to hang out and enjoy some eats.
Better and better needn't get any better.
I was once drawn in by the specials in the window, until I realized that all of the prices were just that low.
It is a quiet, reliable, and friendly spot to grab a bagel sandwich or a banana muffin and coffee in the morning.
If you come to study there is ample space and the music is not obtrusive.
Parents can feel free to bring their toddlers here to sit a spell because its clean, cheap, healthy, and the environment is unpretentious.
A great place to patronize-the owner is an asset to the Korea Town community.
Great service, food and atmosphere.
One of the most comfortable and well designed restaurants I've ever experienced.
Took my love here for an early birthday celebration.
Our waiter, Johnny, was the best, so funny and attentive.
We started out with the lobster bisque and it was heaven!
I had the petit filet with scallops, my bf had the Kobe steak with sautéed shrimps, we had the lobster mashed potatoes and Brussels sprouts for sides.
The filet, steak and shrimps was delicious!
My scallops was a little salty and slightly overlooked but still yum!
The brussel sprouts was also salty and could use some shaved almonds and cranberries but overall good.
Would definitely come back despite the whole meal cost me an arm, a leg and probably my first born.
My kids' allergies were really kicking up, so I started looking for someone to clean our air ducts.
I called a highly rated air conditioning business to ask their opinion and they told me their customers were extremely happy with All Ducts.
I called Brian (owner/manager/employee) and he got me an appointment exactly when I needed it.
He gave me an estimate for both cost (very affordable, in my opinion) and time and both were spot on.
He has all of the right equipment--he is not a carpet cleaner that is trying to moonlight as a duct cleaner.
He is thorough and professional.
I had him clean my dryer vent as well, which was a tricky job, as the builder vented the dryer from the first floor to the roof.
However, Brian had the proper equipment and was able to do the job easily.
I highly recommend All Ducts.
The BEST smoothies ever!!
When my nieces visit from Belgium they always ask me to take them.
Got my haircut today by Crystal and I love it!
I booked an appointment last night around 5pm through Yelp so i wasn't sure exactly what I would be getting.
I asked her to give my fine limp hair some body and fix up my bangs.
She did exactly what I hoped and my hair feels so much healthier!
Crystal was so pleasant and spoke to me without any of the pretense that can accompany conversations with some beauty professionals.
One of the owners came over and spoke with me for a bit and he was so kind as well.
These interactions were super appreciated in what is probably one of my last "lady" days before having my first baby.
I will gladly be back and already recommended Crystal to my bff!
We were seated immediately but sat with our feet in the water for 15 minutes without anyone saying a word to us.
After our water got cold, we ended up just getting up and leaving.
It wasn't until that time anybody said anything to us.
Poor service.
Would NEVER go back.
I don't get all the good reviews about this place.
I came to this place too many times because all my colleagues come here because they don't want to walk outside of the building to have lunch.
But if i had the choice, I'd go anywhere but here!
They have a lunch menu and i tried all the plates on it in order to find something decent to eat but everything is disgusting.
If you want asian food, this is NOT asian!
The pad thai taste like spaghetti.
Service is ok. Prices are high for the poor quality food.
I don't recommend this place.
I've eaten at a few of these.
They are OUTSTANDING!!!!
If you don't have one in your home town it's great.
Little known fact is they have a lunch menu till 2 that is much cheaper and just as great.
They definitely train their servers to be the best!
Go.
I've been here 3 times now and every time was fantastic: very reasonable prices, great food and awesome friendly service from this fully family-run resto.
Our favourites are the deep-fried cauliflower and the royal jade house special soup.
On the latest visit, we asked for the ginger crispy beef made instead with chicken since we had one person that couldn't eat red meat.
The chef kindly obliged and it was AWESOME!
Definitely should be added to the menu.
:)
About 2.5 (close to 3) Bo Bo is another shop in P-mall that specializes in chinese silk dresses.
They have a store on the ground level (D75) and upstairs in the Heritage level.
I liked the styles at this shop as it had diff colours.
Plus the display is quite clever, lining up all the dresses by the window.
I found the red silk material is better than the other coloured ones.
So if you're looking for a red qi pao u might be in luck!
The shop owner(s) were patient and nice.
I tried on a gold dress... the material was honestly too thin and loked cheap on me.
On the display it was exactly what I'd like... sad sad.
I felt like Chung Lee from Street Fighter in the dress @@ If i have to fork out $80, I do not need a constant reminder of where my flaws are.
Somewhat  frugal here approx $80 + for a chinese qi pao.
Perfect place for petite hk girls or anyone looking for a red qi pao.
I tried the cheddar poptopia gourmet popcorn and I was disappointed to say the least.
I found it to be tasteless and greasy.
Normally I get regular movie popcorn with the white cheddar cheese seasoning, but the movie theatre ran out  (again).
I expect at $6.50 for a 125g bag it would  taste "gourmet"...not so much.
Suffice to say I will never buy this brand again.
As someone who doesn't like the taste of salad (generally), but who isn't anti-vegetable by any means, I gave their signature Stetson chopped salad a try, and I'm a convert--so, so good!
The salad has a lot of elements to it, which give it great texture and keeps it from getting monotonous, as each bite is a little different in flavor but still cohesive.
My husband really enjoyed the burger he got at lunch time (we didn't see it at dinner time).
It had a lot of good flavors going on and was cooked well.
It was also a massive portion!
We've tried their truffle macaroni and cheese, which my husband said was decent, but I didn't love; too bland, no truffle taste at all, and too loose for my taste.
Every dish we touched and filled our bellies with is delicious!!!!
Thank you Joe!
We will be back with the entire familia!
Ciao!
I wish I could give this place 0 stars.
By far the worst experience I have ever had in Vegas.
Typically hotels in Vegas are known for being extremely catering to their guests.
This was not the case.
Plus the whole hotel looks like absolute crap filled with the scummiest people.
Next, my room was absolutely filthy.
There were piss stains running down the toilet to the ground, it also smelled like someone died in my room.
The bed felt like I should have brought a black light and possibly a hazmat suit.
Best part about my room was the AC actually working, but the shower/tub looked like someone had just washed their cars undercarriage in it.
The towels felt like sand paper and were barely large enough to be considered bath towels....more like hand towels.
Getting a cab is nearly impossible since no where does it say you are required to tell the front desk to call a cab or just call it yourself, since they don't employ someone at the entrance to wave cabs for you.
Their room service isn't insanely over priced like most Vegas hotels, but there's a reason for that, everything tastes like it had been made 24-48 hours earlier.
Lastly and most importantly, after surviving 3 nights in this dump, I was brushing my teeth the following morning when I noticed a fairly large cockroach scamper across the sink.
After all this I literally slept at my friends hotel the final night to avoid puking in my own mouth or getting some rare form of malaria.
If I told you how much I paid to stay at this sh*thole, you would kick me in the d*ck for being such a dumbass.
In the end I feel like I got raped for my hard earned cash just so I could save a little.
Definitely learned my lesson and going to spend the extra cash to stay at a real hotel next time.
Ended up eating here on 3 occasions while at the GVR.
This is a small space, with only a few tables, but plenty of seating at the sushi bar.
Lots of creative and traditional rolls on the menu.
I pretty good selection of nigiri, and a nice variety of sake.
My favorite was Sparkling Blueberry Sake, very refreshing and you can taste the berry flavor.
They offer an all-you-can eat option from 5-7 pm for $28.95.
This is a very cost effective way to go when you are hungry and the all-you-can eat menu has almost everything on it.
Beware, they will always serve rolls first to fill you up, so if you order nigiri make sure to specifically ask to have it brought out first.
P.S.
You have to try the steamed chicken dumplings off the fresh sheet.
Coffee and food is a tad more expensive than other places but you get a lot of bang for your buck.
Leather chairs and booths, carpet floors, very friendly servers, free refills on coffee and soda, tasty food, and a mature customer base.
Welcome to Steele Creek guys.
I love going here and every time I leave here I feel good about myself.
They even help you with your grocery's to your car every time.
They give you coupons to free stuff.
Make sure to get there before the evening to try the many samples.
I must say that I was very happy that they brought back my favorite menu item braised beef and cheese tortellini!
Ordered an appetizer Lasagna Fritta which was delicious!
Ordered some white moscato wine which was very good and the hostess was kind enough to give me a free glass of red moscato just to try :)
This is a regular taco stop for me, and if you love tacos it should be for you also!
Al Pastor tacos here are the best I've ever had in the state.
It is not an exaggeration, but if you come here and do not try them, you've missed out on one of the valley most sought after gems..
In addition their other meat selections are very tasty, asada and cabeza being my next two favorite..
I've been to the salon 3 times now - after the last, I dont think I will go back, even with the price in mind.
The owner is very nice, and was cleaning and constantly busy.
But the lack of hygiene is what really turned me off this time, and the other times I have been.
Even though there is a pan by the sink with rubbing alcohol for the tools, I never see them disenfect the tools between customers.
I watched in horror as they took a file just used on a woman having a pedi and bring it over to me and use it on me.
They dont even wipe off the tables in between customers.
I wish they took more care to show that they disenfect the stations properly.
I know this is the 'no frills' of nail salons, but cleanliness is still an expectation, even with a basic service.
I love Savoy.
In fact just thinking about Savoy makes my mouth water a little, that's how much I love Savoy.
The first time I sampled some bites from Savoy was at a Yelp event last year; unfortunately it took me quite a long time to make my way back, but I after the meal I had last week I think the wait was worth it.
I went here for dinner with a family member on a Wednesday night - as a result the place was pretty quiet when we arrived.
After checking our coats (this is more or less mandatory as they don't let you drape them over the chairs) we were seated at one of their comfy downstairs lounge tables, and we explored the menu, ordered, and proceeded to enjoy an excellent meal.
Firstly, there was the fresh free bread with oil and balsamic for dipping.
I was quite hungry so this was a great start.
One note, though - beware the spicy bread!
We're pretty sure jalapenos were baked into a couple pieces.
Tasty for some, not ideal for people like me though.
Then there was the drinks.
My dining companion ordered a blackberry Cosmo (made with ingredients like blackberry moonshine - quite a nice touch), and I ordered the Starburst.
Both of these drinks were superb; the Cosmo was a first-rate drink and oddly enough, my Starburst did indeed remind me of Starburst candies - but was still muuuuch tastier!
As for the food - just, YUM!
My companion ordered tomato soup and a pear salad.
The salad was flavorful (though pretty standard in terms of salad ingredients), and the tomato soup was simply amazing - in addition to its freshness and being the perfect thickness it came with grilled cheese sandwich squares instead of croutons.
More restaurants need to do this with their tomato soup, it was just so good!
As for me, I ordered the 2015 restaurant week special - hen with bacon mac and cheese and a side of kale - and this was simply divine.
I have yet to find such tender, juicy and well seasoned chicken in the city, plus the mac and cheese wasn't overly cheesy and had the bacon flavor infused into it.
The result was that it wasn't too rich and it went well with my chicken and kale.
The entire meal was also served with a side of tomato gravy, which was basically a thicker version of the tomato soup I'd sampled and fallen in love with already.
I couldn't have been happier with what I ordered.
The clincher for our excellent meal was the fantastic service we received throughout the night.
All in all we thought Savoy had amazing food, fantastic staff and a very chill but warm atmosphere.
We would absolutely come back - hopefully my next meal here will involve sampling the amazing looking brunch menu!
So...I have never made it in here for their famous brunch, because it always looks so darn crowded, with a super long wait!
Regardless, I have had their food at any number of events, and it never ceases to amaze!
In addition to eating in at their charming location, talk to them about catering if you want your event to be really remembered.
A high number of vegan and vegetarian options, in addition to those with meat.
These gals are truly accommodating.
We had breakfast at the D Grill.
We were all too tired to trek to another GOOD place to eat for breakfast.
Plus we had to get to our convention early.
How can you mess up breakfast?
I mean really?
overcooked eggs, burnt coffee?
Hard as rock toast and cold?
My over easy eggs were fully cooked hard egg yolk inside.
Our party were all smiles when we finally left
We returned the food back 2 times and it still came back horrible.
They wanted to comp us for a free breakfast for the next day.
We declined, nope not again!
All i can say wow!!
Best taco ever had.
Beautifull Ambience, nice music.
Servers are very attentive.
Loved it
Had early Friday night pre-theater dinner here.
Once we got a waiter's attention the service was very good.
Attentive with good suggestions but not intrusive.
Casual open air atmosphere, causal but lively ambience, perfect for dinner with friends.
My wife & her friend enjoyed a "prickly pear margarita" not too sweet very tasty!
Excellent food overall chips and salsa were fresh.
Guac was tasty & paired well with the chips.
We had 3 dishes perfect for sharing.
Mexican street corn nicely spiced a bit messy but worth it.
Nice fresh updated take on classic fare.
Will certainly go back!
I recently ordered here for the first time and they are pretty good and I will be ordering form them again!
I was really happy with the menu which offered pastas and salads.
I usually order from Pizza Hut so it was nice to have other things on the menu.
I ordered the chicken parm with spaghetti and it was pretty good.
I also ordered a cobb salad, also good (get extra dressing).
I have been eating those 2 things for 3 days!
The portions are BIG!
Anyway, overall 4stars for this pizzeria :)
Shinbay was everything I expected it to be and more (which is pretty impressive as we had built it up in our minds for months before we went).
We went there for my fiance's birthday and ordered the 5 course tasting menu.
Each course was more phenomenal than the next.
Keep it up!
Phoenix is lucky to have such a phenomenal restaurant.
I learned quick you have to be aggressive here and demand people bring you food if you are ordering dim sum plates.
I enjoyed the food and would return to try other items on the menu.
We tried sliced pork, meatballs, shrimp noodle, shrimp and bacon wrap, fried dumpling, and something like oxtails..
I would recommend for those who are looking to try something new.
It is definitely not Americanized so if you don't like traditional flavors then this place isn't for you.
Fun guy, cool office, and most importantly great results.
Entire staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
This is BY FAR the worst airport in North America.
As a Diamond on Delta I've been thru well over 60 airports and this hole wins by a mile.
There is nothing good happening here and I feel for those employed having to work here on a daily basis.
A favorite in town for 15 years and even better when they move in down the street.
The best in casual Italian.
Always busy so plan to wait or get takeout and have a Kiltlifter at the bar!
Very nice food!
Gluten free pasta was great.
The Ribeye was amazing!
Good place and good atmosphere!
I haven't tried anything but the El Jefe burrito which is often except for this last time they forgot the chorizo and the salsa but I called back and Travis was nice enough to give us another burrito he explained they we're very busy that morning with a huge order and could have gotten mixed up.
I still love this place and just because Travis was so nice I will keep coming back.
Grant his crew have been amazing.
Had a few different repairs done there and very happy.
Got a used car that knew needed work.
Took it to BMW and they quoted me $2700 for the cooling system.
Munich did a full repair on that, plus a valve cover gasket plus fixed another leak and found that my check engine light was bc a bad air/fuel mixture and the total repair was less than one at BMW.
Then had my shift mechanism go out after I picked it up from those repairs and was like "this is weird".
Talked to Grant and he said there wasn't a direct connection to their work as they were in a different part of the car but was willing to fix it at cost using a used part with a warrantee and it runs great.
Had them do a little more like a battery and stuff and they will defiantly be my shop of choice.
Having a German car isn't cheap but finding someone in the battle with you is key!
This place is great!
We got the meat and cheese boards, sweet potatoes bravas, and short rib.
The service and food were wonderful!
Used to be good, been here a few times on previous Vegas visits however, this time we both got sick.
Our friends went there the next day and they too got sick.
Something not right.
I came here for a birthday dinner and man is this a cool place with It's a lively yet intimate setting.
The loud Japanese greeting as you're seated helps build the setting of the place.
They had Ultraman playing in the background, I mean for people who know what it is how cool is that?
The service came quick and the food started coming fast.
I strongly recommend the following items:

Hamachi Carpaccio: A well balanced fish dish, with a hint of citrus flavour.
It delivered an amazing Japanese and south american fusion flavour that you need to try!
Beef tongue on hot stone: the thinly sliced tongue is cooked on a hot stone.
The thin meat just melts in your mouth flavour with a citrus punch.
Watching it cook on the stone was entertaining to watch as well!
If you haven't gone here yet, book your reservation and go!
These guys are amazing.
Great use of time.
Amazingly friendly people.
They use all of the latest technology and really get your teeth crazy clean.
As some of the other reviewers stated, some of the newer "deep cleaning" services are a little on the pricey side (few hundred dollars) -- but, this not your grand dad's cleaning -- I mean, when I was a kid we went to the dentist, got a little scrape and a polish and on you went.
If you get one of the deep cleaning they do a *lot* more to get your clean, namely using a ultra sonic water scaler, scrapping, then using a laser to kill ever more bacteria, then they inject an anti-biotic into your gums etc.
The upshot: your mouth feels amazing clean, fresh and just *happy* afterward.
Do it, the next day you will feel great, and its well worth a few extra dollars to get cleaned right.
I recommend them to all my friends... and you!
I came here Christmas Day 2017 to grab a few items the cashier didn't acknowledge me I asked how she was doing she ignored me was absolutely disrespectful.
And I came back 15-mins later to return one of the items I bought, I  was with a new cashier and the original cashier made a scene asking if I was ok I had been sniffing my nose but her co-worker who was making a purchase tells me that the original cashier who rung me out says I looked tense.
It was humiliating, customers began to stare and I got the manager involved.
I was in tears over this.
NOT everyone who does returns is a criminal.
So here I am AGAIN.
Why again do you ask?
I just purchased a 2011 Chevrolet Malibu from this dealership, and I went here after work to pick up the green slip so I can register the car with the DMV.
TIP: Customers who buy or lease vehicles here: DO NOT have to go to the DMV to register your vehicle.
You simply use the dealerships control number on the green slip to enter in the DMV website and it will bring up the vehicle you bought.
You can then transfer or request new plates (standard only plates) and the DMV will mail them to you.
This is handy, because we ALL hate the DMV.
Back to my review of AutoNation Buick GMC of West Sahara round 2.
So I got the green slip and I was "just looking" at some of the Buicks on the lot.
Buick has come along way in the last 10 years or so.
This is NOT your grandfather's or grandmother's Buick anymore.
I had a 2013 LEXUS ES 300h that got 39MPG highway and 40MPG city.
It had quite a few bells and wistles.
Anyway, I began by driving a V6 powered 2016 Buick Lacrosse and Devon and Denzell were my points of contact again.
I really liked it.
This one didn't have the same equipment that my Lexus does, so I didn't really want this particular car, as I didn't want to go down in car quality or caliber.
Then I drove a 2014 Chevrolet Impala V6, and loaded with everything for that model year with 22k miles and they were asking 25k for it.
I really liked this car.
It wasn't a Lexus or a Buick, but it was cheaper than either one of those and it was fully loaded.
But I was contemplating replacing my business car, which was my Lexus, and I already had a V6 powered Malibu that I bought for 16k with 32.5k miles two weeks earlier from this same dealership, and the same sales people (Devin and Denzell).
It took me forever to decide even after driving a brand new 2015 Buick Lacrosse that had just about everything my Lexus did minus the front parking sensors and the dash cam, but I can replace the dash cam later (which I will at this dealership for both my Malibu and Lacrosse).
I got a Heads Up display system with forward collision alert, I got a Bose audio system, a panoramic sun roof, remote starter system, and a wifi hotspot powered by onstar.
These features my Lexus didn't have.
I was given multiple options, and a lot of time to decide which vehicle I wanted out of the three, the Chevrolet Impala, or the 2015 V4 eAssist Buick or the 2016 V6 Buick.
I ultimately chose the 2015 eAssist V4 Buick Lacrosse based upon what I was going to be doing with the car, showing Real Estate.
I was offered an unbelieveable deal too.
Because this vehicle was a 2015, and was sitting in the showroom, and the 2016's were already here and more were coming, this car was priced at 35k.
Originally it was 41k which was understandable.
If I bought my Lexus ES 300h brand new, it would have been 47k easy.
I know cars, and how to shop for the ones I like or want.
So I knew I was getting a deal on this new car.
Also, I was given a 2k tax credit for my Lexus, and AutoNation gave me another $800.00 off on the car, because I am a repeat buyer, and I didn't waste anyone's time.
Thank you David!
So I still had 1k of negative equity to deal with, and that was done by lowering my interest rate from 4.9% with Lexus to 3.9% through AutoNation Buick GMC's contacts.
Can you say Credit Unions anyone?
If you want great financing go see the fine people at AutoNation Buick GMC, they WILL find you a good deal, if it takes all day.
They don't just use traditional banks or manufacturer banks like most dealerships do, which all charge higher interest rates, trust me I've been there.
So in combination of lowering the interest rate again to 3.45%, and further dropping the price of the new 2015 Buick Lacrosse, I wrapped up my negative equity and came UP about 2k.
This shows in the contract as down payment money which is true because I verified how the dealership got the numbers.
So I got a brand new Buick Lacrosse, with an extended warranty, prepaid oil changes for 3 years on top of the 2 years given to you by GM (General Motors), theft protection and GAP insurance and my payments are $616.00 per month versus $647.00 a month with Lexus without the theft protection, or the prepaid maintance plans.
Lexus doesn't offer standard oil changes for the first 2 years either.
What's more, my Buicks engine, transmission, and final point of assembly are in the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
Just like my 2011 Chevrolet Malibu.
The major components of these cars are made here.
Just read the window sticker, it will tell you where the major components are made.
We need jobs in this country badly.
I don't need Bernie Sanders or Donald Trump to "bring back the jobs" to the United States.
We can all do our part by giving GM, Ford or even Fiat Chrysler a chance.
Personally, I am a GM man.
I loved my Lexus, but I love my country, my Buick, and the sales team at AutoNation Buick GMC even more.
They also hire the veterans!
Thank you again everyone @ AutoNation!
My review is of a particular line of products carried by Home Depot, rather than of this great monstrosity of a store itself.
I am in love with Eco Mist products -- I interviewed the founder of this company for an article I was writing -- and then rushed over to HD to try the products for myself.
They are scent free, all natural, non-toxic cleaning solutions that leave your countertops shiny clean without any chemicals!
I'm in the process of switching over all my cleaning products to environmentally-friendly alternatives and I'm planning to stock up on Eco Mist!
This was my third trip to GHT.
I'd put GHT in the category of "Very Good" restaurants.
I enjoy the food and beverages, but they're not mind blowing / life changing.
Even the more challenging dining options are just on the tip of being amazing, but it's just not quite there.
I'm still very big on GHT.
It's a place that must be visited.
I'm continually impressed by the smaller plates over the mains.
Things like the Brussels Sprouts, confit wings,  and  Animal Frites are really solid and flavorful.
My favorite visit has included the rooftop bar, (on those few sunny Cleveland summer days), with drafts and some of the best fried chicken in Cleveland.
Have to wait about 10 minutes.
Mediocre drive-thru service.
Something either out of service or they ran out of.
Consistently good, as the Keg tends to be.
Highlights: great lunchtime filet and side vegetables; great service that checked in with just the right frequency; bowls and bowls of those great chocolate mints scattered throughout the restaurant so that you can pocket a few extra ;) directly across from the south entrance/exit of the Eglinton TTC stop.
Medium: parking available underground, but it was a bit expensive; side caesar wasn't served a lemon wedge.
Low: opens exactly at 11:30 am, or shortly after, so if you arrive a bit early be prepared to wait outside and not in the lounge.
Loved the place.
Delicious food.
Advice for the manager: make sure noodles with beef are cooked in less than 15 minutes of waiting and that chicken is properly cooked through.
Dropped in on a Saturday night....thankfully prior to the rush beginning.
We found a seat immediately and our server was over shortly thereafter, told us the wing/beer special, took our drink order and off she went.
When she returned, we ordered our dinner and some appetizers.
Appetizers were Mac and cheese triangles...absolutely the greasiest, worst tasting item I've ever put in my mouth at a restaurant.
Potato skins were very dry...no flavour at all.
Some of us ordered the wing dinner, which was wings, fries and a soft drink (no refills).
The fries came out as an appetizer...not with the wings.
They were basic fries and pretty flavourless.
When our food came out, it came out at different times.
2 people got their order (one was a wing dinner and the other a burger dinner) while a 3rd was returned because the person who brought out the wings could not tell us which type of wings they were.
She said she would be right back with them, but she answered a phone and talked on it for an awfully long time.
10 minutes later, those wings were brought back out, with the other 3 wing orders.
WTF?
Wings were a huge disappointment.
While meaty, they were sprinkled with minimal sauce....no  flavour at all.
We would have sent them back but we never saw our waitress until 20 minutes later....she was serving other tables, on the phone, settling bills, etc.
We will not go back
One of our favorites.
Reservations are tough to get but well worth the wait!
I don't want to invite my foodie friends from NY.
Everything we've tried is amazing!
It's quickly becoming our go to place whenever we're in town.
Didn't have a good experience with this restaurant..
The service was slow, the tables are too close to each other, and most importantly the food was horrible.
My steak was undercooked and the waitress took it back TWICE until it got the way I ordered it which was well-done!!
We waited more than 30 mins to get a table and after that another hour and a half to get our food!!
Never going back again
The only good side was that the fact that they removed my order from the total bill..
Very good food & service on our visit.
It's a little pricey, but for quality Chicago deep dish pizza, I don't mind blowing some coin!
I would recommend giving this place a try!
It looks like it is almost finished.
The greenway now extends from behind Park Rd shopping Center (breaks a little near Freedom Park) and then continues on up to CPCC.
The new section is a gem along the creek with various plazas and artwork and the animal life returning.
I walk this greenway often and often see various animals from purple martins, robins, ducks, geese, fish, turtles and even snakes.
This is a wonderful addition to the area's urban trails.
I expect to see a lot of festivals popping up in using the new section of the greenway.
There's already the Kings Drive Arts festival which will be huge in a few years.
One thing is for sure...having a hospitality card is such a perk.
50% off everyting!
including food.
If you show your "grinder" app on mondays you get a 50% band.
We tried to show the bartender, but I think you have to show it upon entrance.
Lobster Dip - My favorite by far.
The crackers are really good.
it has sesame seeds on one side of the long rectangle cracker.
Can you say addicting!
I've had a bunch of their pizza and theiy're all not bad.
I haven't been at martinis for over a year now and I was surprised that they didn't search much  in the extra shaker anymore.
= 0( I was a little bummbed

The bartenders were very nice and accommodating!
PLUS!
If you lost your ass and hungry ass a homeless person.... this is the place for you!
The selection and quality is absolutely horrible.
I would not go back to this dump if it were $4.99.
I have known USA Collision for the past decade or so.
They have always been consistent, and consistently excellent in their workmanship and long lasting results in quality.
I would say body shop work is one of those things in life that last as long as you own your vehicle.
To put it into perspective, from the time you get your car back after the repairs are done from an accident, and until you either sell or trade in your car, you'll know with certainty if the work was not done right.
If the repairs were performed at USA Collision, I know with certainty that I will never know from looking at the vehicle, that, it was in a collision.
Well done, guys!
I was also scammed in exactly the same way described as Faith!!
Unbelievable!
I feel like an idiot!
The sales girl pretends she sees the Beverly Hills Dermatologist who developed the product walking by and she asks him to consult.
He pulls out all of these little lights and meters and tells you how Susan Sarandon, Mike Tyson And Gov Browns wife are all his customers among hundreds of other stars and reads emails from all his satisfied customers.
I googled him when I got home and there is no such person!
He says he is Mica.
The most elaborate scheme you will ever see.
BEWARE!
Omg, the best ravioli I have ever had in my life.
Landed up here with work colleagues.
I was highly impressed with the service and food.
Presentation was great and very tasty.
Everyone in the party loved their food.
Cream corn and prawns also excellent!
Dana is a great doctor!
I usually get an appointment within 2 days & the wait is typically about 30 minutes.
I love having a doctor that is down to earth, explains everything in depth & is extremely friendly!
Sad to hear that this place has possibly closed for good.
Awesome little hole in the wall shaved ice joint.
My favorite flavor is tiger blood and banana.
This place was great during my summer pregnancy last year!
The owner is friendly and seems to love what he does!
You absolutely cannot not beat the prices!
Try adding a scoop of ice cream in you next shaved ice!
We came to Henderson after a horrific experience at Fairway Chevrolet.
Patrick was our salesman,  Joe and Tony handled the sale without any hassle.
I felt I was treated with respect and honesty.
We liked them and will defiantly drive the extra miles to Henderson.
Thank you guys.
After being treated so poorly at Fairway I'm happy that we took a drive to Henderson.
Your customer service is awesome.
Needed some batteries replaced for a couple watches and I live close so I walked down.
I showed up 5:20 (40 minutes before closing tim)e. Their open sign was on but the door was locked with a sign on it that read "Out to lunch.
Back at 5:30."
I thought that was weird to take a lunch right before closing time, but it was only a 10 minute wait, so not really a big deal.
I waited until 5:55 and no one ever showed up.
A few other people also came by but, just like me, were unable to get service.
One of the people said they came by much earlier and said the same sign was up then too.
Can't be good for a small business to turn away so many customers.
Dim sum - Excellent choice, fresh ingredients.
Be adventurous, try the rice noodle - beef, pork, or shrimp.
The coconut bun is stab-your-neighbor good.
Good price as well.
The staff is hit or miss, friendly one visit, rude the next.
I do not always care about that, though, as long as the food is good.
Menu - Noodles are great.
House chow fun with gravy and e-fu noodle are great.
Otherwise, go wild.
Pick your favorite choice and then try everything around it for fun.
(5 stars on good staff days.
3 stars on really bad staff days.
Average is 4 stars)
I always come here for the Hainanese chicken.
Vietnamese noodles isn't authentic.
I wish they will have more selections on appetizers.
This place can get very busy during lunch time but you won't have to wait for too long.
Decent food and service!
Good price
I always like to find a juice place as soon as I get somewhere new.
There isn't a huge selection of juices here but the thing that really sold me on these guys is how good their acai bowls are.
Everything is just SUPER fresh and tasty, it actually feels good going down and you can change up the toppings too!
I haven't tried the cold pressed juices here yet but the fresh juices are great too!
Definitely a great shop.
Super friendly staff, fair prices and very fast service.
Came in today around 4:50 pm and theres was 2 guys here, the taller one served me and he was SOOOOO nice!
both guys are nice.. the tall guy just had great customer service.
please let those guys get acknowledged for their customer service.
the shorter one greeted me as soon as i came in and the taller one was super nice and talkative.
they both washed their hands and the place is very clean.
perfect place to eat.
My favorite brew tea great friendly service and always ask if you want to make adjustments if it's not right.
A haven on the PATH - fantastic cappuccino and nice place to sit and watch people.
I was incorrectly billed $11.52 for fuel charges.
When I called to dispute the error, I spoke with Lian Santon.
At first she told me the charge was because the company undercharged me for the vehicle.
When I explained that I made the purchase through hotwire, she then switched the reason for the charge to me upgrading my vehicle at the counter, which was incorrect.
After being placed on hold for a while, she told me the fee was for fuel, yet I brought the vehicle back on full.
After being placed on hold for over 30 min, she told me that they would only be able to credit back $8 and not the full $11.52 because the other $3.52 was included in taxes.
Another representative called back to tell me that the company would have to call the car rental location and verify that the car was brought back on full before I could receive the other $3.52.
This is pointless to me because if an associate entered a fuel charge in error and the transaction happened weeks ago, it would be difficult to remember this particular transaction given the large volume of rental returns that have taken place since then.
Wow, what a great place to grab a light lunch!
Jacob and Troy prepared an asparagus appetizer for my sister and I while we waited for our food, and served with homemade ranch!
Very small bistro, unexpectedly located in Monogram's salon, but very well kept and clean.
The asparagus was impeccable and delicious.
I ordered the Caesar sandwich.
Chicken was tender and juicy and sandwich had the perfect cheese to chicken ratio.
Homemade pesto was a great addition to the meal.
Everything was made fresh and Jacob really knows his stuff!
My wife and I came home from a trip to find one of the drip outlets had been 
running for hours.
My yard guy admitted he had no idea.
I called these folks and the next day Jake showed up.
After some looking he was not sure what caused it.
To be on the safe side I had him replace a valve that was old.
He did it well, quickly and checked everything, including all the settings.
Will definitely recommend.
FYI: This isn't like a super helpful tip but they give you these tiny hard candies with your check that I found were adorable lol.
Yes...I saw this place on a video on Facebook, and yes the necessity of me going here was urgent.
Like life or death people.
WHAT I GOT: Cheese ribs

PROS: Repeat after me.
You can NEVER go wrong with meat and cheese.
EVER.
And my goodness, James Cheese Back Ribs is winning the restaurant game.
You get a pool of gooey cheese that the server wraps around each rib along with extra corn, two different mashes (sweet potato and regular potato), mini sausages, and scrambled eggs.
The ribs themselves were coated in this beautiful and super flavorful sauce, and the meat was super tender as well.
Literally fell off the bone with one bite.
They also give you scissors and some plastic gloves to keep your hands clean, along with the option to choose the heat level of your ribs.
We went with mild, which honestly is not spicy at all, so if you're looking for even a little bit of a kick, I would suggest the regular spicy option.
CONS: Ok well the price is pretty hefty.
Not gonna lie.
And the sides aren't exactly the most tasty things ever but combined with the cheese, usually anything will taste good.
But be warned, the server will turn off the gas stove that melts the cheese once all the ribs are wrapped so the cheese will start to get hard again.
If you wanna dip your sides, eat those first.
And the ribs are a bit on the small side so this meal won't actually fill you up, if that's what you're looking for.
Went in a few days ago and had the BEST server,  Shannon!
She was so sweet and attentive!
She also suggested the really yummy goat cheese app and my fiance also loved the blackened fish tacos she recommended.
We got a ton of bundtinis in addition to a small cake for our wedding.
They were perfect.
The guests loved them (one ate 5, at last count) and they really fit what we were looking for.
Plus, we had them delivered and Jim was very patient with us and our wedding site when there was no one there to receive him/them.
Plus, the delivery charge was more than reasonable.
Great business, great employees, easy decision.
En faisant des recherches sur Yelp (et sur d'autres sites aussi mais shut), je cherchais le meilleur endroit de sushi à volonté à Montréal (et quand je parle de Montréal..je ne parle pas de Kirkland, West Island et des endroits où le métro ne se rend pas..).
Selon mes recherches, c'était le Sushi Plus.
En plus, seulement 13 minutes de chez moi en auto..et comme ma date Tinder a une auto et c'est lui qui m'accompagnait, c'était très bien.
Il y a beaucoup de place de stationnement et le métro Acadie est à proximité pour les gens en BMW (bus, metro, walk).
Donc, nous sommes arrivé au resto, je m'attendais à quelque chose de plus grand..mais bref ce n'est pas ça l'important.
Nous avons attendu un petit 3 minutes avant qu'on nous assigne une place.
Une fois assis, on voit les "serveurs" passer..mais ce sont plutôt des préposés à l'eau ou bien à apporter la nourriture.
Après une dizaine de minutes, je demande de l'eau.
Une autre fille nous apporte un Ipad, mais sans aucune explication.
Le Ipad est sale..tsé le nettoyer avant de le passer à un autre client ne ferai pas de tord.
Vu que je ne connais pas ben ben les Ipad (je suis team android) et le gars avec moi aussi..on était un tout petit peu perfu quand l'app ce fermait.
C'est ben cool de commander par Ipad dans un à volonté WELCOME TO 2018 tsé..tu peux voir ce que tu as commander comme il faut, voir l'historique, voir le prix admettons si tu prends de la boisson et faut payer en plus de ton repas..pour tout cela c'est nice.
Par contre, les images de sushis ne sont pas très claires..Il faut tapper comme 2 fois pour voir ce qu'on les sushis.
Aussi, pour voir mieux sur le Ipad, vous êtes casiment mieux de vous assoir côte à côte.
Bref, nous avons commander...mais il fallait aller appuyer sur un autre onglet order confirmation..quelque chose de même...on a quand même été nono et attendu comme 15 minutes avant qu'on dise que c'est long...Finalement, on a pu arrêter une serveuse et lui demander..elle nous a expliqué..Bref.
La nourriture est arrivé très vite..on finissait un plat et un autre arrivait.
Mais figurez-vous donc que même avec la technologie, ils avaient oublié un plat de Kamikaze.
Bref, tout était délicieux..à part le Octopus bbq...il n'était pas tendre du tout et pas trop frais au goût.
À notre deuxième commande...on était plus capable de manger...oups...il nous restait 7 sushis on assumait de les payer et on voulait les apporter..mais personne n'est venu nous voir et le plat a été ramasser.
On a pas mentionné nos 7 sushis perdus, en croyant qu'ils allaient se passer le mot et nous faire payer 7$ de plus...mais non!
Bref, les sushis sont excellent..mais le service est à chi***..comme dirait Gordon Ramsay.
Je déconseille d'aller en groupe car devant nous il y avait un groupe de 10 séparé sur 3 tables...et plus loin aussi un groupe de 8 sur 2 tables de 4.
The Prime is a great Chinese restaurant.
I have been going there maybe twice a year for several years.
it is a bit of a drive, but the food is great, the service is great and it is affordable.
They will also specially prepare items that are not on the menu.
How many places do that.
Ok, nothing spectacular, it's a sub shop, it was clean, friendly accommodating staff, firehouse type atmosphere, would stop again if in the area, I thought it was better than subway, it's not a place I would go out of my way for.
They don't want your business so if you call don't be surprised if you are put on perpetual hold.
They will not pick up.
Must be sorely understaffed.
I am sure the food must be okay since it's Pizza Hut.
Custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price, what else could you ask for?
Oh, and it tastes really really really good!
Hit and miss.
:( We were really in the mood for Korean and had high hopes for this place.
The good: The seafood tofu soup had great flavor but it was seriously the smallest portion I've ever seen in any Korean restaurant.
The original bibimbap was yummy (nothing extraordinary but solid and at least normal portion size).
The chocolate lava cake was delicious.
Warm and gooey.
The not so good: side dishes were icky.
So sad because half the fun of Korean food are the yummy side dishes.
The seafood pancake was tiny and for $9.50, so not worth it.
We are normally huge fans of seafood pancake but just so tiny here (two small silver dollar pancake size ones and at most places you get one the size of a dinner plate).
The pork belly app was so so.
Our waitress was really nice though it took a while to get seated and for someone to come and take our order.
Overall: small portions, pretty good service...
But there's gotta be better Korean places in Vegas!
Love this spot .
I love their broth .
Great service and clean restaurant I come here often to dine in or pick up food .
Their pho is one of my favorites .
Fun place to get together with large groups.
The food is always great.
They offer a generous $10 credit on your birthday.
My favorite is the fontina burger.
Hands were done great by Steve.
Pedicure was done by another lady and it was a total fail.
She used a drill to sand my toenails down, that dam cheese grater looking thing ripped my heels to shreds and polish was freaking everywhere!
I was on a road trip and stopped in Phoenix for a night.
A local resident told us about this coffee shop so went there.
Had a great experience.
I like independent coffee shops and a great ambience.
Great decaf soy latte (w/honey)
Clean bathroom
Good music
Great seating/deco.
It was just chill environment.
I loved this place and would recommend people visit and enjoy awesome lattes.
I didn't try all the pasteries but chocolate croissant was pretty awesome with moist chocolate.
Thank you for great service you guys.
Who doesn't like good BBQ?
I ask you?
Good, though...like so many things in Champaign, I found the ooohing and ahhing pretty over-rated.
It's good food, no doubts, and their burnt ends?
You'd travel the globe for these suckers!
But.. their brisket is often dry(ier than I'd like), and I am SOOOOO not a fan of pulled pork that sometimes has globs of fat in it (it might be that _all_ pulled pork is susceptible, I am just not a fan!
=P).
Regardless, you have so much to choose from (http://www.blackdogsmoke.com/menu/), and don't be stingy with the sauce!
I'm a true Carolina girl at heart, and Black Dog does this Carolina Red that's vinegary and tomato-y, and has a bite to it that'll just.. well, it'll make your mouth water.
Other's really like the Hot Georgia Peach, like the most exquisite combination of both heat and sweet!
All in all, you're going to get a fabulous meal here, and for Champaign-Urbana IL, it's some pretty legit BBQ!
Pair it with one of their amazing beers (and the choices are endless!
http://www.blackdogsmoke.com/beer/) and you'll leave stuffed and satisfied!
No wifi.
Very small, low ceilings.
Equipment is very close together.
The signage really does catch your eye as you drive by on Sheppard Av.
PEKING MAN in large, faux-Asian font on a bright red back drop.
That's definitely a holdover from the 70s or 80s.
After struggling to find an actual entrance (you see, it may be listed as being on Sheppard, but you have to turn on Ambrose to actually get to the storefront.
If you're heading east and miss Ambrose, there's no chance to U-turn til Leslie, unless you want to run over city-owned flowers in the median.
), we finally parked the car in front of some convenience store in the same strip mall/mini-industrial park building area.
Given the PEKING MAN sign is all you can see from the main road, I don't know how other businesses can persist here.
The moment we went past the doors, we were greeted with a motorcycle arcade machine.
What is this, Chuck E. Chan?
Ah ha, ha., there's a Chuck E. Cheese down the road.
A waitress came up and we were promptly seated and presented with these ghastly menus, with cartoon depictions of, presumably, a Peking man in various states of labour (labour as in work, not Chinamen giving birth!).
On to the food!
A family of five orders the following for dinner: Bamboo and Dried Scallop Soup, Deep-fried Soft Shell Crab, Peking Duck Special, Lobster fried in salt and pepper, and Shanghai Noodles with beef.
I'll spare you the details, because there are no details.
It was all bland.
It was as if everything was frozen for Walt Disney's first meal after being brought back to life from his cryogenic sleep.
The soup wasn't watered down, but it tasted like it was.
The crab and the lobster were fried in the same tasteless junk probably used to grease door hinges.
The duck was somewhat of a saving grace.
First course, slightly crispy duck skin (though not nearly crispy enough to my liking), with fine slices of duck meat, to be wrapped in rice paper.
Spare yourself from attack of the living bland and eat the duck straight up without the wrapping.
Second course, stir-fried duck meat.
More meh.
Basically, anything these guys actually cook gets turned from gold into lead.
Ariel G. may want to take that trip down memory lane, but this meal was a memory I'd rather repress.
Rebel Auto is by far the best auto service shop in Henderson and Las Vegas!
I've had my car serviced there probably a dozen times.
Their prices are great, they have a free arcade to play in while you wait, and the customer service is amazing.
I've recommended them to everyone I know, and will take every car I own to them, for as long as they are around.
Thank you Lee and Rebel auto for being so helpful every time!
!
Been here many times!
Friendly, helpful staff, Never had a bad experience.
Clean place, comfortable seats, popcorn & nacho chips are always fresh +++++ .
Rooms here are smaller than other theaters, which is why you probably should arrive 1 hour + early if you are watching a new release!
Hint *** Before you ask for your tickets Buy a $25.00 gift card and receive a free medium size popcorn voucher(You can pay the difference to upgrade for larger size at the concesión stand)  use it to pay for your tickets/snacks.
Keep it and Reloaded it over & Over!
:)
This ULTA had the longest holiday shopper line & it went fast believe it or not.
This staff is sweet & helpful.
Love this Ulta location for shopping.
I haven't tried the salon yet so stay tuned for that.
They treat patients like an ATM.
I cracked a tooth.
EXTREME pain right now.
Got a Saturday ( today visit).
I told the front desk BEFORE I went back that I didn't get paid until Wednesday ( a few days), and that I just paid to fix my roof so money is tight.
After being examined and X rayed they explained what they could do and that my portion would be $160.
They weren't sure they could even help m today as Phan's schedule was tight.
I told them I could only pay $100 today.
I was told by their office manager they don't do payment plans , they could try and get me some dental credit plan.
I told them I didn't want to do that.
It was $160 today or nothing.
I told them I was unable to do that.
So I came in pain , left in pain- they did nothing for me - I offered to pay my bill (around $60) as I left.
They wanted to bill my insurance etc but I didn't want to hear from them again so I insisted I pay it all now because I wanted nothing to do with them ( contact me after insurance etc).
.
I complained  and to shut me up they wiped the bill clean.
They are all about the money.
My $100 today plus insurance ( and $60 in 3 business days) wasn't enough to help me.
Forget about helping me because I was in pain - they did nothing - nothing - they wouldn't even do it for 2/3 my portion today , the rest in a few days ( as well as gouging my  insurance) 

THEY ARE ALL ABOUT THE MONEY.
They don't care if you hurt.
They are very high tech - and I understand they need to pay off all their high tech equipment - 

My opinion : Pham sucks!
Palo verde dental sucks!
Came in pain , left in pain - they use your pain to extort money from you.
It's just white collar crime - they knew exactly my finances before I even went to a room , and then after exam it was "pay up or get out" - the officer manager specifically said "we do not do payment plans".
They wasted my one day off when I could have found someone who would help me when I am in severe pain 


===== 

Addendum 7/1/16 

Yep ...
These lying SOB's billed my insurance 

Lying , cheating dishonest !!!
!
Came here many times during my stay at the Mandarin Oriental last time.
I tried almost all of their sushi rolls.
Their sushi is not excellent but it's pretty good.
I really like their green curry with chicken.
Service is pretty good, and it's conveniently located.
Great pizza.
My friends and I go here a lot.
Good pizza, good wings, good restaurant.
Tasti was one of the first places I used to run to when I visited NYC, and I was ecstatic to learn we were getting one in Scottsdale!
Mmmmm...bananas foster is the best!
If your favorite flavor isn't on the daily list, you can make it for a dollar extra- which is a great option when you have a craving.
I love knowing when I eat Tasti, I'm not eating a whole 600 calorie wreck like I'm sure I do at the self serve shops and honestly, Tasti D-Lites flavors taste soooo much better to me than those places too.
I'm so glad trips to Tasti are now a whole plane ticket cheaper!!
;-)
Total ripoff.
The supervisor was sent out because the first guy they sent (twice) couldn't clear the clog.
He poured some chemicals down the drain then gave us a lame story that my pipes were old and we would need to tear into the walls and floor to replace the lines.
My husband went to Home Depot and bought a $14 snake and after about 15min had the clog cleared.
They still charged us $135 and when i called them to tell them we cleared it ourselves, they just said "that's great".
Really???
Buyer beware!
The beef brisket soup noodles were very good, I could tell the noodles were fresh.
The pork soup dumplings were excellent as well.
Open 24/7, so a great late night option.
I love this place.
I am never disappointed in the flavor choices.
I usually get overwhelmed and end up putting more yogurt in my cup then I really should.
The topping choices are always fresh looking and there are lots to choose from.
The price is very reasonable.
Mesa Grill is located inside Ceasars.
Its nice that we were able to make reservations for a party of 5 people.
When you make your reservation, you have to give them a credit card number to hold your spot.
We arrived about 15 minutes before our reservation time, and we were still seated immediately.
I loved how the servers was very attentive and chatty.
The complimentary bread basket was very good.
I loved how there was different selections (jalapeno bread, cornbread, walnut bread).
For an appetizer, we decided to try the chicken quesadilla, and it was really good.
I would highly recommend it.
We decided to order the 22 ounce Chipotle Rib Eye Steak for our entree.
The steak was huge and can definitely feed 2 people.
The steak was cooked pretty well.
I loved dipping the steak in the sauce.
Overal, service was really good here.
I really enjoyed the bread and apps.
Do you ever feel all crunchy and wish someone would pick you up by the ankles and shake you out like a sheet?
That's how I had been feeling before my massage appointment this weekend.
Suzanne is a great massage therapist because I felt great by the time I walked out of there and I'm still feeling great 2 days later!
The location is tucked away in the office complex just east of Max's gas station on the southeast corner of 12th St. & Missouri.
I had a 60-minute aromatherapy massage ($80).
I got to pick the scent I wanted her to use and she blended it with the coconut oil to make a custom massage oil just for me!
She also put some in a diffuser and near the head rest.
The scent was never overpowering.
It was just right!
The massage pressure was perfectly firm.
While I felt relief from the tension I had come in with, I didn't feel like I had been beat up to get there.
Also a nice touch, she popped a roller ball in the top of the vile with whatever was left of my "custom oil" and I got to take it home with me for a olfactory reminder of my awesome massage.
Next time I treat myself to a massage, this is where I'll be going!!
(PS I used a Spafinder.com gift certificate to come here.
Waaay better than going with one of those chains that seem to be the dominant offering for redeeming those certificates.)
As far as comic book store go, this place is pretty standard.
I'm not saying that in any sort of negative way at all either.
They've got a really solid collection of recent issues as well as graphic novels.
Their manga section is so-so, their toys are slim, but what taints my experience here is the back issues selection.
I was looking for some issues of Fathom and could not for my life find anything.
The girl at the cashier was really great and friendly as she tried to help me find what I was looking for, but even she commented on how disorganized those boxes were.
Like I said, don't get me wrong because this place is still great; comics, staff, and all.
I guess I'm more of an Atomic Comics kinda fan just in terms of what they offer overall.
I took my mom here when she was in town for Christmas.
We stopped in for lunch and neither of us had ever had Ethiopian food before.
I had read about them on their website and in many of the reviews here on yelp, so I kind of knew what to expect.
We were seated immediately, but it took about 10 minutes for our server to greet us.
We immediately ordered two of the lunch specials which we had brought out on one big plate, and it came out super fast!
Everything was wonderful!
We had a lot of fun eating with the Injera and trying to decide which dish was our favorite.
We tried all six of the vegetarian items listed on the lunch menu.
My favorite was probably the Azifah (the cold lentil dish).
The Misir Wat (red split lentils) was really good too, and my mom's favorite was the Fosolia (lightly spiced green beans).
When the big dish was set in front of us, we looked at it and thought, this isn't very much food....but boy were we wrong.
We couldn't even finish it.
The Injera really fills you up I think!
All in all...a great experience for a great price.
$20 including tip.
Can't beat that.
I will definitely be back!
Ordered some dimsum to go plus the salty calamari with jalapenos and can i just say that their serving for almost just 5 bucks of calamari is pretty hefty.
The dimsum that i got are shrimp shu mai, taro dumplings, and the crystal shrimp (not sure that this is the name).
Anyway the guy that i talked to on the phone was nice.
When i picked up the waiter wasn't bad as well.
But when I got home i was missing one order of taro dumplings.
:( i just let it go since 2.36 isn't worth arguing for.
But all in all yes for dimsum, just double check stuffs to make sure u get what u paid for.
I was told when I signed up the gym was supposed to be open in january, never received a call that they had postponed the opening date.I had cancelled my membership with my other gym and now i have been left without a gym for a whole month.
I had to call them in order to find out.
Haven't even started going to the gym and already dissapointed.
Utterly fantastic!
This place is as much an art gallery as it is a patisserie.
It's a delight just to walk in and gawk at the sheer artistry of it all.
The croissants here are the best in the city.
I particularly like the pecan croissant, but they are all good.
Sandwiches are awesome and arrive warm without ruining the texture of the breads.
Everything is pure art.
Awful experience.
My girlfriend gifted me an Amazon local deal for an ultimate detail valued at $275 dollars.
I made an appointment for 11 am during my lunch hour so as I can drop the car off and pick it up by 3:30.
Long story short, Diego from the shop and his coworker told me that I would need to pay $55 extra because there was dog hair in the back seat and I would have to leave it over night.
I told that that that's not possible so they said to get a refund on Amazon and that they could not help me.
I wasted time and gas to bring it to the shop and my buddy from work did the same so as he can drive me back to work.
Unprofessional outfit with unrealistic value for money.
They also expect a tip on top of the $275 value that the voucher is for.
Ridiculous and definitely not worth the money.
Service is always really good, servers are friendly .
Food is beyond expectations always a goto for a good comfortable spot to eat with my family when we are on Fremont.
Very fresh food and authentic Italian taste.
Tried the eggplant Parmesan and it was so awesome.
My friend had portobello mushrooms burger which was also very good.
The view of the Pittsburgh is scenic from the patio.
Must visit when you come to Mt Washington.
A really great date place if either of you are into chocolate.
In the winter, definitely try the grandma-style hot chocolate...it's out of this world.
On the weekend, expect to wait 10-25 minutes if you're coming in the evening...it's quite busy.
Be a good date and share some a fondu :)
Wow.... good food here.
This place doesn't look like much, I have to say.
And it was a bit hot inside, I can imagine as the summer warms up, so will this place.
The food did take a little while to come, and I didn't quite understand what our options were.
When we were seated, the waitstaff asked us if we wanted a menu or if we wanted the daily specials we should speak to the chef.
We didn't know what we wanted so we opted for the menu.
Those more familiar with the place seemed to understand and ordered specials which came out much faster then our cooked to order requests.
Lesson learned.
I had the chicken souvlaki dinner which was HUGE.
It came with an amazing greek salad to start and then I substituted cooked veggies for the potatoes.
For $14 it was an amazing amount of food that you could easily have shared between two people.
Loved it.
Loved my leftovers.
Would definitely return.
My favorite thing to eat is onion rings and mine were way over cooked and dried out.
They were nasty.
The burger was good but it is pretty hard to mess up onion rings so I was very disappointed.
Not sure if I'll go back.
Deep fried foods are one of the easiest things to make and a lot of the food on the menu there is deep fried.
Breakfast at Bouchon in the Venetian.
We had Croque Madame, Corned Beef Hash, and Jambon et Oeufs.
My croque madame was serviced with slice of brioche, ham slices, another slice of brioche with a sunny side up egg on top and a white sauce on top.
There may have been other stuff between the broiche slices, I just don't remember.
To fill, I mean really fill up the rest of the plate, a huge mound of thinly sliced fries.
I would have liked the fries to be a little more crispy.
The sandwich was good.
Even though it looked small, it was a lot of food.
Corned Beef Hash was just how I liked it.
Corned in small cubes, potatoes about the same size.
Peppers and onions.
with your style of egg on top.
This is how, I think corned beef should be served.
5 stars for this meal.
Ham and eggs were just ham and eggs, with some scallopped potatoes.
Nothing special about this meal.
For some reason it was $25 and in my opinion, shouldn't be more then the other meals.
The pan d'epi bread was good, with butter and the homemade jam.
Overall, a good place for breakfast.
Good service.
A-OK might be overstating this place for a "sports bar'.
While they had plenty of TVs, I saw at least 15, they had Rage Against the Machine playing and no sound for the games.
I heard a bartender say that unless it was a "big game" they could not turn up the TV volume when asked by another patron.
There were plenty of pool tables, maybe 20 and at least 7 darts games.
Loosely this place fits the sports bar definition, the lighting was good and staff seemed hurried but friendly.
It was not crowded with tables and such which left plenty of space to move about and mill should you like.
The restrooms were clean and did have the sports TV sounds on so you could stand in there and watch the small TV if you like.
For a sports bar I would rate this at 2 stars but the cleanliness and lighting made me rate it at a 3.
My favorite place in pittsburgh to get whole bean coffee.
Amazing selection, daily specials, reward card, reasonable pricing.
What more is there to say?
?
One Star because I can't give it negative stars.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY.
This was the worst "experience" of my life.
Disorganized.
Pathatic.
No one knew what The hell was going on.
Half the electronic features weren't working.
3 VIP tickets and gave us nothing extra.
Weak ass "hands-on activities".
Wish I would've have listened to the guy in ticket line telling all of us not to do it and get money back.
Marvel should be ASHAMED to have their name on something so amateur and embarrassing.
Save your money.
Buy an action figure and play at home.
Freshly made noodles and flavorful broth.
I'm not sure if this place has a Taiwanese cook, but their Beef Noodle Soup was fabulous.
We went to Beckett's Table the first night of AZ Restaurant Week.
The atmosphere is a little like Chelsea's Kitchen, but I really liked it.
My husband and I started with the chopped salad and the chicken meatballs.
The salad was super fresh, really nice.
The meatballs were amazing.
The sauce was very smokey, which actually tasted better the longer it sat, the meatballs could have been served "naked"...they were delish!!!
We both got the green chile stew for our entrees, my husband enjoyed it, I thought it was a bit on the sweet side, especially as it cooled off.
Dessert was the s'more with chocolate covered bacon, a dish you definitely have to try to appreciate.
Took a few bites to get used to it, but it was really tasty, the marshmallow was fantastic.
I look forward to going back and try some other things on the menu.
No need to review this fast food chain in detail -- but it generally is one of the more healthier choices out there.
Unfortunately this location is *extremely* chincey on both the vegetables and the meat.
More so than any other location I've been to.
I've only been here once, but it was a good experience.
There are several dog parks in one large park area, including one with a water area for some doggie swimming.
The space in the fenced in areas seemed ample.
The only thing I did not like was that you had to leave the fenced area in which you were to access the water fountain for your dog to get a drink.
There should have been a water fountain placed in each of the park areas.
This place is kind of far and I was only down there because of an errand, so I may return on another occasion when I'm not too busy.
There was three of us who came and tried this restaurant, we all love korean food so our expectation is pretty high, especially after reading yelp reviews...this place did not disappoint...the location is not the most attractive place in vegas and most visitors will never try coming to this local gem, but if you are like me who is looking at las vegas as a vacation resort instead of just gambling and party destination, then you will love mingling with the locals here...the ambience is great, service is good amd most of the guest are very relax...the decor is nothing to be proud of and the location is caterred to locals, but you will not leave disappointed...start with their combo...share your orders so you can try more of their menu...if you are with group, try not to order the same item and just share...
PORK BELLY TACOS.
Amazing!
You have to get them - probably my favorite food in Charlotte
Excellent second car we bought here.
Love our Sales man Rick Muller!
Looking for a good guy to work with ask for him.
Tell I sent you
Despite the drinks being an arm and a leg with the inside usually jam packed - if you're in without the huge line and go with the right people, Bar at Times Square can actually be a humorously fun time!
Planning on tossing a few back?
Grab a few before going in; Outside at a slot / table rum & coke - $1 (tip) / Inside bar rum & coke - $12 w/o tip..
I'm just sayin'..
I haven't been during happy hour, as it seems the place is bursting at the seems waiting for a Fire Marshall to be called.
It might be best to go during that hour or so if you're trying to have more than one beverage at this place.
Anyways, it's a dueling piano bar with two fella's who know all the bangin' hits from the 50's all the way up to today's Top 40.
A patron can request a song (once one ends and / or hasn't been interrupted) and if someone in the crowd isn't pleased - he or she then has the opportunity to walk up to the the non-playing pianist, offer a cash tip of higher cash value than that placed prior and have the song changed on the spot.. keeping both the patrons and musicians on their toes.
It's really an interactive environment - in the sense that the pianists continuously receive requests, talk to the crowd, with the crowd itself shootin' the breeze, minglin', singing and dancing if they know the jam being performed.
If you can't see the performers, they have tv's lined up throughout the bar so you can catch a glimpse.
I'm not the tallest human, so it's often I end up in somebody's armpit while they're singing their favorite track and I'm gasping for air.
Kidding, I'm actually the guy who has YOU in the headlock; You'll be blissfully swept away by my beautiful renditions of Bohemian Rhapsody, I Want You To Want Me & my jam - One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer in an overtly joyous manner.
*They also have that lady you see at all the shows.. she dances & looks like Dee from It's Always Sunny, tries to get you to boogey with her and you can't understand what she's saying, though, she sings every song on cue without a slur.
She's an interesting human who needs help, so you push her towards the random person next to you hoping they'll do something about it.
Do some people observing and find em'!
This is a place of action, sound and movement.
You might get bumped or pulled to dance and sing.
Good music and a giddy buzz is found at the Bar At Times Square; so be forewarned - most people here are on a good one and are trying to maintain that vibe!
Don't get upset if someone just wants to sing with you btw - it's probably me!
Food is suspect but service is very good.
Haven't been there for a while but went a couple times in the last month.
The nigiri had a bad odor and the chef did not do a good job trimming the fish.
Screaming O and jalapeño yellowtail sashimi were also cut poorly.
To top it all off the rice had a rock in it which resulted in a visit to the dentist to fix a filling!
I would choose many of the other local sushi restaurants long before this place.
I was all set to give them a 5... until the last half a day.
I bought 2 Groupons and waited two weeks to get my pre-paid for appointment (1 set for one house 2nd set for another).
#1 was scheduled for a Thurs-Fri two weeks later and house #2 the third Thurs-Fri.
I got a call from Jimmy on Mon-Tues of the Thurs before House #1 was to be completed putting me off another  week (now we're in week 3).
I had two potential buyers come by that weekend to see house #1.
They went with the other house on my block because of my ugly brown paint (that I had scheduled to be done)!
Finally my long-awaited for Thursday came and Jimmy showed up with two men promptly at 7:00 and gave me the trip charge, charge for baseboards, and for an extra room.
It was VERY fair.
The men did a good job... maybe an 8-9 and cleaned up well.
They had to schedule my 2nd house for Saturday (I had told Jimmy I'd need 4 full days - two for each house).
He did not come out to give the men direction for house #2 on Saturday or give me the price of things the groupon didn't cover  (I had high ceilings in both houses and needed an extra room done, wall paper removed from one small wall, etc.)
He finally came out Monday around Noon to quote prices on #2 (again reasonable) but his men were upset that he hadn't shown up either morning to give them direction.
Plus the men had some conflicts with my handyman.
The men disappeared Mon around 12:30 - they got back at 2:30ish and left by 3:30 with the RR undone and wallpaper stuck on the tub and counters (from the removal) of my bathroom.
The baseboards were done poorly, paint dripping was all over the tub, counters and floors and 2nd coat was never completed.
Jimmy told me that he'd come finish the job - said I was getting the "best of the best."
Because I wanted a slight color alteration (lighter) in the RR, he told me there would be a charge and a small charge for one other wall.
Once the paint had dried, I realized that Jimmy had not cut in the new color or cleaned up the wall paper and paint drippings from his men.
He also didn't redo the messy baseboards.
My handymen and I were shocked by Jimmy's paint job (drips, no cutting in, unfinished baseboards).
Then Jimmy called and asked me to have my handymen bring him his forgotten ladder???
What?
Botton line... Groupons appear to be LAST priority for timing and you'll be paying weeks before you get the work.
They may also send you new, untested employees (my two workers told me I was their first project with Jimmy).
ALOHA!
I found myself in Las Vegas and in need of a massage.
Because I run a very successful mobile business on Yelp in another state, I thought to follow my instincts and turn to YELP for a mobile provider.
I called two places.
The first one did not get back to me in a timely manner.
The second one, Body Restoration, picked up on the first call!
Barbara was a joy to work with and we enjoyed a laugh as I was having a moment being the one on the other end of the transaction when I am so used to being the provider!
She dispatched Becca to my room within an hour!
Wow!
Amazing follow through.
Becca showed up on time with all her equipment and ready to work!
I enjoyed my massage very much, it was needed and I love that I did not have to leave my MGM Grand Room to receive it.
Here is a tip, and not meant to be anything but a helpful tip....if you are a massage therapist, or in need of an advanced skill set, please tell Barbara this so she can send the right therapist.
In my booking haze, I did not mention that I needed a certain something and I did not get that with Becca.
However, Becca is a wonderful therapist with great healing energy.
If you need deep tissue or skilled work, ask for someone else.
I would most definitely use Body Restoration again.
Thank you!
If you're able to get fiber internet, it's worth it.
Fast and had minimal downtime in the 2 years I've had it.
I work full time from home and I only had a handful of issues over 2 years.
So why the 2 stars?
If you have to deal with customer service or god forbid the billing department, prepare to spend most of your day if not a couple of days on hold and repeating the same issue over and over again until you finally reach one intelligent person that helps you.
Their downfall is their customer service.
It's probably the worst I've dealt with and I've dealt with Cox and Comcast.
The bonus to having fiber internet is that you get L2 local phone support.
As a software engineer I understand networking and computers, their L2 fiber support is great because they are knowledgeable people, not some tech moron reading a script.
Also, never settle for their advertised prices.
Don't get a contract either.
I was paying $80/mo for the fiber internet only and not on a contract.
tl;dr

Fast and stable fiber internet if you can deal with complete incompetence when you need "customer service"
Mediocre as far as Indian food goes.
It's relatively more authentic than fast food chains, substantially more expensive, and definitely doesn't hit the spot.
Very disappointing.
Favorite restaurant in Charlotte... Food is amazing!!
Only complaint is the size of the place... Really small so it can be difficult to get a table.
Although part of the charm is that it's a mom and pop type of place..
I highly recommend it!
Just under 50 million visitors a year to Las Vegas, and so many of them no nothing about Red Rock Canyon!
Granted you'll need a car, but about 20 minutes off the strip you'll find what nature can provide that Steve Wynn can't!
Natural beauty that leaves you staring in wonder and listening for....nothing!
It's deathly quiet out in the desert and especially so out at Red Rock!
Beautiful red rock formations for the experienced hikers to even the casual novice!
More importantly it's just breathtakingly beautiful and well worth stepping away from the Blackjack table for a afternoon!
This southern gentleman does every time he's in Vegas!
I'm reviewing the Minute Clinic here.
Imagine feeling ill, checking in on the kiosk, and waiting an hour, and knowing you're next in line.
Only to be cut by an entitled woman in her mid 20's and her mom, who had just spent the last 15min chatting it up loudly in the waiting room.
Coming here was a huge mistake...
I was very happy with Greg and GC Glass.
What I thought would be an expensive window replacement was actually a quick fix with minimal cost.
Greg is honest and knowledgeable.
Will certainly call again if I have any further window repair.
First things first - I like Bobby Flay.
I like his television shows.
I like his personality.
And I like his style of cooking.
So I ought to like Mesa Grill.
And in some ways, I do.
But there are also some issues.
The ambiance is bright and colorful, with high ceilings, lots of windows, and an impressive bar.
But the tables were packed in pretty tight.
Hey, I understand why.
The place was full on a Tuesday night!
If you can cram that many people into a space, and they still want to come, then it's just smart business.
But it isn't my taste.
My wife and I decided to try as many dishes as we could, so we shared a menu made up of appetizers and side dishes.
Our server was friendly and helpful, but he did not bring out the dishes in the order we requested.
Some dishes were what you might call "just fine":  The chopped salad, the blue corn pancake, and the double-baked potato.
The goat cheese queso fundido was better than "just fine."
The chile relleno and the tiger shrimp were both spectacularly good - snapping with unique flavors.
The smoked chicken quesadilla, on the other hand, was sub-par and not very flavorful.
So, Mesa is a perfectly acceptable restaurant.
But when we go to a high end, pricey restaurant we really want nothing less than five stars, and Mesa doesn't quite get there.
Lots of Vegas restaurants do get there.
So we won't be back at Mesa for a while.
Sorry, Bobby.
We'll catch you at Bar Americain next time we're in New York.
It's hard to complain about this hotel.
If you're into the trendy/modern establishments this place is probably up your alley.
The service was pretty near perfect.
The clerks make sure that everything you want is provided for you.
They'll even make reservations on your behalf to nearby restaurants.
The location of the the W is nearby a mall, there's also a Yardhouse, Starbucks and a Grand Luxe Cafe within walking distance too.
The W hotel boasts a pretty jam packed pool party in the summers.
The pool is located on the roof with lawn chairs and circular couches placed everywhere.
Not to mention that they have a 'beach'; An area that if full of sand and tents for you to lay on.
You can also order food while soaking up the sun and alcohol.
The hotel rooms are clean, semi-quiet, but very small.
For the price you pay to stay at this hotel, they sure give you a tiny room.
But the service outshines the room so I can bear with it.
The pool area becomes a club/lounge at night, and you can hear the music from your room (thump thump thump).
After a while, it can get annoying.
The toiletries are straight from their in-house spa, Bliss.
Flat screen in the rooms, a desk for you to do any office work on and modern-esque furniture and lighting to set the mood.
I suggest trying out the W hotel.
Their pool party rocked, the service was near perfect, the rooms were nice, they have an in-house spa, Japanese restaurant (Sushi Roku), and a lounge (The living room).
This place sells walnut cakes and a few other dessert items.
I'm not partial to anything with red bean paste so I only had the mashed potato /walnut and mashed potato/almond ones.
They were great and I wish I had bought more than six.
They are only $2.25 for 6 cakes.
The cakes are really shaped like a walnut from the special molds they are made in.
I got them when they were fresh off the conveyer and I think I would want to do that again.
I went back a few days later and tried the pancakes stuffed with sugar which also really good.
Will be coming back here again soon.
The food and vibe here is outstanding.
It's definitely a place where I'll be taking all our friends when they come into Madison.
For starters, the fried chicken is some of the best I've ever had.
If you like buffalo sauce, it's a home run.
Meatballs - pretty tasty themselves, but the red sauce is magical.
Entrees:

The pizza sauce is perfect.
While I love a good wood fired pizza, the steel pan pizza is Madison's pizza.
I mean spotted cow in the dough?
It's a thicker pizza with a cheese baked onto the outside of the dough.
The black mushroom truffle wood fired and Calabrian sausage pizza were the two our table tried.
Dessert:
The only dessert currently in the place is the pizza cookie, but it's all it needs.
A partially baked cookie covered with vanilla ice cream.
Drool...
The entire table can share it and it's a whopping $5.
Get 1 per 4 people and you're set.
There's a lounge downstairs, amazing beer selection, and much more I could talk about.
Check it out.
You won't be upset.
Simplicity at its best.
G&B offers a nice touch of good ol' bar food in a clean, warm, and inviting feel atmosphere.
Nice bar with plenty of TVs to catch any of the games on.
Nice selection of beer as well.
I'm a out of towner and my cousin brought me here for their awesome cheese curds and they did not disappoint.
Extremely light but well seasoned batter encasing bite sized little curds of heaven with their home made dipping sauce was well executed.
The fried smelt was a pleasant treat.
Again with the light batter but full of flavor with moist tender meat on the inside, paired with their homemade tartar sauce, it was one of my favorite things I ate on my trip.
Their burger was simple yet bursting with tons of flavors that elevated the humble american staple.
The service was good and I'd say it was a pleasant experience dining here.
Simple food done right with subtle changes that elevate it is what makes any restaurant stand out.
G&B do just that and do not disappoint.
Stay fat mother suckers
Quick serve Indian in uptown Charlotte that doesn't scare away Indian food newbies?
booya!
Nirvana II instantly catapults itself to the top of the list for Indian quick serve in Uptown Charlotte.
Partly because it's decent, and partly because the competition is weak (read non-existent).
Nice, clean place with a few dishes to satisfy both the vegitarian and carnivorous Indian cravings.
The korma sauce is a bit sweeter than I'd prefer, but the Pratak was impressively good.
Like the other reviewers pointed out, the Naan leaves something to be desired - it's blah, at best.
It's a good value too, you can get in and out with 2 dishes for about $8.
Ham it up with the owner and what appears to be his wife.
Super nice guy who likes to chat and appreciates a decent joke.
Actually got an extra scoop of Chicken Pratak for getting him to laugh, I'm certain of it!
This place is AMAZING!!!!
Excellent service, delish food.
I ordered ramen.
It was the only place open past 9 on a Monday.
I am so glad we came.
The Ramen was so flavorful and yummy.
I ordered it with the egg.
Normally when I order Ramen they give me a hard boiled egg, not here!
That sucker cooked with the heat of the broth....for me it was too mushy since I like my eggs hard boiled but everything was amazing... our waitress was super nice and had amazing hair!
Lol....
I will be coming back, excited to taste what else is on the menu.
Trendy and expensive.
But the food is pretty good.
Had the al pastor and thought it was a bit too salty.
The duck confit was flavorful.
This guy is awesome.
Brings down every ticket to a parking ticket and charges less than other attorneys.
The office is kind of hidden but definitely worth looking for.
$29 for my speeding ticket.
Can't get any better than that!
Excellent work by sergios crew.
Had them come out this morning to clean my backyard which was in really bad shape.
They made my backyard look great.
Definitely recommend this company.
Kid friendly environment, noisy atmosphere & great service.
Love that the salsa was fresh chunks of tomatoes & corn.
The chips were a bit hard & thick.
Avocado pasta salad was delicious- definitely order it again.
Tofu tacos were perfect.
My 5yr old liked her shrimp kids meal.
Beer batter white fish was heaven for your mouth....moist fish with oh so good batter.
Plenty of seats inside or outdoor patio.
cheap and authentic  Hong Kong dim sum , love the spare ribs and siew mai , you can't beat the price ($1.80/plate) !
But I don't like the pork bun and the shrimp ball , that's why I only give them 4 stars.
I would recommend friends to visit them and I would definitely going back next time  .
Love this nail salon!
I've look high and low for a fabulous nail salon, it's been hard to find a place Since I've moved here from Cali.These is the spot Eric does an amazing job.
I've been here twice and always leave a happy camper hands down!
My girlfriends and I came to visit Toronto and we were staying in Greek town.
We decided to eat after a day of travel into town from Chicago and this place was among some of the best food we have ever eaten.
We shared the spicy feta stuffed peppers which the lovely waitress recommended to eat with a drizzle of olive oil and it was divine.
We had the gyro plate which was unlike American gyros with pita, but instead was served with a fresh Greek salad and lemon potatoes.
We also got the lamb dinner special which literally fell off the bone because it was so tender.
And we also got a sort of Greek lasagna with a rich white bechamel sauce.
The service was super friendly and very attentive.
We got to see the kitchen and saw everything that the chef prepared for the days specials which only made our mouths water more than they already were.
Prices were very affordable as well.
We left with an incredible impression and longing to take this incredible family owned business home with us.
I'm very upset with how this whole clinic works all of them, you call one number for all locations so your never able to get through with the medical assistant at the location you visit.
They take forever to give you a call back and the customer service Representatives are mostly nice but when you haven't gotten any calls back after being told to keep your phone by you someone will call you in a few mins and its been four hours!!!
Its very disappointing.
And they all give you the same run around and at this point your a bit annoyed they have sarcastic attitudes.
I've been waiting since 9:30 am and its now 2:00 for a call back for a simple precipitation and nobody can give me a answer.
After my first trimester I am leaving this place.
The first nurse I saw was nice but not a people person which made my first visit uncomfortable.
I suggested things to her to make my blood work done, she should have just brought it up.
Anyways I hope to have good things to say but at this moment I don't and am very displeased with the service everyone's experience is different this was mine.
This is really a hidden gem in Richmond Hill.
My girlfriend and I were craving pasta tonight, so we resorted to Yelp and found this place in the nearby.
We ordered the Penne Al Vodka and the Baked Lasagna take-out.
When I got to the place, I was a little skeptical as there werent any customers.
The place looked cozy and comfortable though!
Got the food and brought it home.
Had a taste and we were extremely impressed.
This is a true definition of "You can't judge a book by it's cover".
The food tasted fresh and homemade.
I was so relieved that I didn't see a lot of steam when I opened the box, as that usually means the food was microwaved.
I will say though, the online menu prices are outdated.
The actual prices are a little more expensive (at least for the lasagna).
Can't wait to try this place again.
Wow, nice restaurant, nice people good food , and adjusted menu  to suit my need ,even with a full house,  and reasonably priced
really?
TWO AND HALF inches room from the top of my grande frap.
i asked why it's not filled to the top, it's for the whip!?
that's what the rounded cap is for.
hogwash!
as for lattes, poorly made as well.
taste more like a cup of steamed milk, barely espresso.
baristas should be better trained in making drinks here.
Awesome often overlooked sushi buffet.
Creative menu with lots of unique choices.
Stay away from the flamingo roll thou...no bueno
Good food
 Great service.
You get alot food..friendly service.
I can never finish my breakfast.
Give you so much.
Clean.
Good location.
Love they give discount to veterans.
Place and food was great... but we came in as a group but per our server they can not so separate check... and we have to calculate our bill and plus tax... ahmm ok.. we end up using venmo... in one check... so for those who plans to go in a group... not a good idea... FYI...
The flamingo is one of the older casinos but it is right on the strip the pool was nice the staff was friendly.
The room was fine it showed s little wear and tear.
What they need to improve 
Check in was a nightmare almost 2 hours of waiting in line that is not good customer service.
The parking lot is a joke they share a building with hertz and valet so not much space left we parked on the roof #7 the elevator stops on #6 so u need lug your stuff down the stairs.
But it is right in the middle of strip so the location is the major plus.
We walked or rode the bus (8$all day)
I've been frequenting Harris Grill for a few years now and it typically doesn't disappoint.
Their outdoor patio is delightful on warm summer evenings, and the inside, while dimly lit and a bit hipster-y, nevertheless feels welcoming and cozy.
The menu is written with a heavy dose of sass and snark, which makes it a fun read.
Who wants to order boring old chicken tenders when you can order "Britney Spears"?
I should probably look into hiring their menu writer to help me jazz up my tech reports for work.
Anyway, I've ordered many things here, and their food is usually solid.
My favorite meal begins with a plate of their "church basement pierogies."
They cook up a legit pierogie, with a soft, tender shell browned to perfection and housing a ton of delicious, fluffy, flavorful potato and cheese filling.
They are *almost* as good as actual church basement pierogies.
Then I like to wash down my pierogies with an order of their mac and cheese topped with blackened chicken.
Their mac is addictive -- creamy, rich, cheesy and topped with crunchy breadcrumbs.
I really like the blackened chicken paired with the mac, as the spicy cajun seasoning on the chicken cuts through the fattiness of the cheese sauce quite nicely.
Supremely delicious.
I will admit that once in a blue moon the mac and cheese will be a bit dry, which is a bummer.
So the consistency is not 100% there.
But nine times out of ten, I'm graced with a good amount of cheese sauce and I'm a happy camper.
And then I pass out in a carb-induced coma.
The downside here is, of course, their prices.
They are pretty expensive.
I recently got my standard pierogies-and-mac meal for take out after not having visited for awhile, and I had forgotten just how pricey they are (it was $25 + tip for my meal for take out).
So be prepared to have your wallet cry a little, but the mac and cheese should help cheer it up.
Very hot inside!!!
They charge more than all the other boba places I have been to...
They're okay though, no real complaints.
They take their time when making them though.... A very very very long time...
This place is cool.
Walking thru a pawn shop into a speakeasy setting was a first.
Inside was great and the small plates were too.
Really good place for a group of friends to share dishes.
Expect to spend $50pp since you'll be ordering multiple dishes.
Great ambiance, gives a authentic but modern vibe.
First time seeing such a unique and appealing design.
The color coordination of the restaurant blends smoothly but stands out as well.
The food is great, you can actually taste 'fresh' in all of the items.
The whole staff of the restaurant is great starting from the manager to host to kitchen crew.
I highly recommend this place to anyone that has seen it while driving by or browsing on Yelp.
It's a must try everyone!
Don't miss out!
WOW that is really all I can say about this outfit.
I went to the Full Service Plumbers website and when I read "There is no job too big or too small for our highly skilled team of plumbers" I thought maybe this the the plumber for me.
I was going to have them install a brand new bathroom.
I clicked on the link on their website that stated "Have a question about a possible repair?
Not a problem click here".
Well I guess it was a problem because the response I got to my request for a quote on the job was (this is a quote and the full response) "sorry we are just too busy to get to it .
thanks"  I replied "I will remember that for future reference" Their response came back immediately and it was (again a full quote) "Good"

As I said in the beginning WOW!!!
How about stating something along the lines of "We are sorry for the inconvenience but we are busy at this time of year but you can get to this in such and such a time-frame"?
How do folks like this stay in business.
I will never use this company, when they slow down in business maybe they will hire someone who can properly answer requests for their services.
I am very sorry I was a bother to this company no worries I will never call you again and fellow Yelpers should not either!!
!
This is an awesome, cheap family diner!
Such nice people run the place and they're very good for what they do.
It's basic stuff - bagel with egg and cheese, omelettes, egg salad, soup, etc.
Good diner food that comes out decently quickly.
The donuts are also very tasty and there is always a trivia question for a free donut if you get it right!
Advertised specials are in very short supply.
All the advertised products I wanted were out.
This was not the first time.
A Coke promotion of a 24 can purchase gave a free 1.75 liter simply orange juice.
As no 24 can package was available, I picked up 2 - 12  packs of soda.
No manager or supervisor would honor the promotion.
As these disappointments happen too often, I have finally made up my mind NEVER to shop here again.
Workout is always changing this keeps it fresh.
Instructors are great and I like the balance between cardio and resistance.
Great atmosphere and range of fitness levels from Superhero to beginner.
There's always a line at the warehouse whenever I walk by Queen West.
Now I understand why!
All food items were only $5!
Drinks were yummy too.
Came here after work on a Friday night but luckily my coworker had her cousins already lining up so the wait wasn't too bad.
The decor inside was very hipster and the DJ was playing some throwback hits.
I ordered the works burger with yam fries and the mini donuts!
The yam fries were delicious, but the mini donuts stole the spotlight.
Hot and fresh with some cinnamon sugar and butterscotch dip?
Perfection.
I'll be back for lunch when there's less of a line!
Seriously?!???
How in the world do you get rid of the red pepper asiago chicken Cesar salad?!?!
The whole reason i kept coming back... Now i wont be back unless zupas brings it back!!!!
You don't have a Cesar salad!!!
!
On my last review I noted how I thought this restaurant was good but did not compare to Gallo Blanco.
I was encouraged to go again,  which I did,  yesterday with a group of 8 people.
To start,  they would not sit us because we only had 6, the other two gals were on their way.
The restaurant was pretty empty,  but they stated they had other reservations.
I never saw a group of 8 come,  so.
..our table should have been available anyway.
We would have ordered many more drinks but instead we had one, two at the most.
The guy that finally decided to sit us was not very nice,  and rudely said "come on! "
to which I responded that we weren't a bunch of cows being herd to our table.
He didn't say anything.
Our server was alright,  her voice was a bit much on the ears, have you heard of voice fry?
The food,  great, guacamole and queso fundido were tasty.
The tacos great as expected, the mijito, though  not on the menu was well done.
We came during happy hour,  but when checks came the bill didn't reflect that.
The waitress seemed annoyed when we asked about it.
We are by no means a difficult or demanding group.
So I am inclined to think it's an attitude issue on their part.
I was  completely done with the experience when a plate load crashes on the floor.
It falls from the hands of one of servers.
It was literally next to us,  soooo loud,  pieces flying,  and not a word to apologize or something!?
We weren't offered desert and at that point I was too bothered to stay longer.
I said bye and thank you as I walked out,  but there was no response from the staff.
So maybe I'll go again,  to eat tacos because they are truly amazing but I am now even more sad that Gallo Blanco is gone.
.. the charm,  atmosphere,  attentive service is clearly not at this but the Otro (other) restaurant.
Sigh...
A true French eatery.
I've been here for brunch, and had La Bastille, a wonderful savory vegetarian crepe.
Make sure you take a box of macarons to go!
They are the real deal.
The only reason I can't give this 5 stars is that it is a little too French - the portions are very small for the prices.
A nice treat for myself once in a while.
Attention Las vegas the black bear diner this place is ridiculous with the portions and I'm talking about the light menu they are crazy.
We all ordered from the light menu the meatloaf,Patty melt,tuna melt,a burger which now that I think about thats the only thing that wasn't on it and that was huge.
The food was surprisingly better than I expected.
I'm really glad I took some culinary advice and listened
I stayed here twice in a short period of time in April 2014.
The first time I liked it, the second time made me join the Hilton Hhonors program and recuse myself from Marriott for a while.
I requested connecting rooms (traveling with my son and one of my parents each time).
The first time we got that, the second time we did not.
Disappointing, but it was more the way the woman checking us in clearly could not care less that my son couldn't stay near his Nana--good acting is the key to good customer service.
The second time we stayed the heat was very loud, which I didn't figure out until my son was asleep so no way to get it fixed (assuming they'd care more about that issue).
I don't much understand why housekeeping couldn't have filled out a note that the heat was broken--it was LOUD, they would have noticed.
The bathroom was very small, very.
But it was clean, the pool area was nice (although had not been cleaned during the night when we went down the next morning).
Breakfast was fine, nothing special.
I won't be staying here again.
Hooowww have I not written a review about this place yet?!
I'm dying to stand up on my soapbox!
The fiance´ and I have come to Okra twice now, and both times we've sat at the bar (everyone knows the bar is the best place in any restaurant).
Let me just narrow down this review to our latest experience (hub's bday - and btw, I know he's not my hubs yet, but it's way easier and a lot less annoying to type, IMO).
Some highlights: the bartenders are so nice and SO talented.
Their juleps are to die for!
Next, the apps: you shouldn't come here if you're not planning on getting appetizers.
Just turn around and go home.
The Fried Chicken Skins are unreal.
Think about the best part of friend chicken, and then imagine having JUST that on a plate covered in spicy honey sauce.
I die.
On to entrees: you can't go wrong with both styled of fried chicken.
I always go for the Tennessee Hot because I like a little bit o' spice and the sauce is killer, but my hubs goes the Umbrian style (your regular run of the mill fried chicken) and it's equally delicious and fall-off-the-bone.
Lastly, and truly I'm saving the best for last, dessert: You have two options: you need to either go for the pie or go for the donut...
The pie is from Pie Snob (if you don't know about Pie Snob, look it up on Yelp RIGHT NOW, and then order an apple pie, and then thank me later).
The donut and pure caramel heaven.
It's drenched (not drizzled) in the most delectable caramel sauce I've ever tasted, with just a pinch of sea salt to top it off.
*drooling*

One pro tip before you come to Okra, since you're obviously making a reservation this very minute: it's a little hard to find.
The sign is on 7th so you might be tempted to pull into the parking lot where it is, but you have to turn down Palo Verde (small side street) to get to it - it'll be on your left.
I had a wonderful time at this steakhouse ordering from the bar.
The bartender was attentive and offered me some wine tastes to see what would go best with my meal.
There was a small mistake on my appetizer, but the one that they brought me by accident was awesome and much better then what I had actually ordered so that was great.
And they took off my first glass of wine which just shows how awesome the service is.
The skirt steak I ordered was wonderful and I was almost tearful when it was gone; the side of scalloped potatoes were equally amazing.
It almost tasted like there was a hint of truffle oil.
I think that they were supposed to give me some complimentary fries, but I never got any until I called up my friend to come and join me; and then I ate some of his.
But I enjoyed the meal so much I didn't mind the few mistakes.
If I had more time I would have come back!
They are awesome I found them on craigslist.
Sean was polite and strong.
His crew were also awesome and on point.
Didn't just move our very heavy furniture but they reassembled it too.
Priced very reasonable.
Love this location, super friendly staff.
Very courteous and accommodating.
Clean and quiet.
Love those onion rings and all day breakfast!
This was a great dining experience.
I had never been to one of Bobby's restaurants and I can honestly tell you that I had very high expectations.
There were met and exceeded!
Our server was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable and the food was absolutely incredible!
The appetizers were perfect, we had the ceviche and the tuna sashimi and it was great.
The drinks were pretty great too!
All in all, this was a great place that I would return to.
No customer service as the "help" wander around doing nothing.
One star for having a greeter that says nothing.
I came here as a young little kid with my uncle Peter in the 60s from the back door in those days he was a regular, knew the original family and he intoduced me to food decadence ,unlike the restaurants he and my dad owned in Montreal that were on the faster side luncheonettes and Diners ,Uncle Peter and I went there up until the late 70s when I would go with my dates and even my first wife.
This place is a classic and I remember being schooled in the art of the Maitre D ,there was no room for error because if there was a glitch it would be fixed ,fast with I am sorries and quick replacements.
Ah What a place the last  time I went there was with good old Jim S and Nico with some dates in 97 and Red Fisher of the old Montreal Star and at that time the Gazette came over as he new Jim and told us that we were the best decorated table he ever saw at Moishes .
I had my usual T bone steak rare and a bunch of apps.
I look forward to coming into Montreal again 1 day ,perhaps I will go to Moishes,maybe I will go with Angelo if his wife lets him.
,,true story,.
My friend and I went to eat lunch last weekend and I was amazed to taste such fresh and traditional Thai food.
Flavors were excellent and food cooked to perfection.
Their was a very sweet Thai lady serving us.
She was extremely attentive and asked us several times if the flavor and spices were okay.
I give this restaurant a 5 star because it was truly a perfect experience!
Visited this place for the first time today on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
We were the only customers there, and had the pleasure of spending time chatting with Mandy.
We were greeted by what must be the most cosy and homely cafe in Pittsburgh.
It felt like I was walking into someone's home.
The room was filled with local handmade items, freshly baked goods, and of course, an extensive tea room with every kind of tea you could want!
All teas are blended in house, and they are working on using herbs grown in a community garden in Millvale in some blends!
You can even sniff the tea that you want in little jars that are laid out.
We spent more than an hour there relaxing, browsing through the many gifts, books, and other goodies, and enjoying our tea and cookies.
They are a vegan cafe and usually have a creative food menu on weekdays.
What an amazing spot in Millvale!
Please visit and support this local business!
I took my parents to this location to get their drivers license renewed.
We were able to get a number quickly because my dad is handicapped.
We got forms to fill out and they said our number would get called in 10 minutes.
Within 2 minutes of sitting down our number was called but unfortunately my parents didn't have their forms filled out.
However the lady was nice and said to just fill it out and she will call us after she is done with the next person.
That next person took forever but then she called us back up about 15-20 min later.
Her name is Agnes.
She is from Austria and has a strong accent.
She was very very nice and friendly, smiling and talking the entire time with us about other things while she was processing the renewals.
She is probably the nicest person I have dealt with at a DMV.
We were done within an hour which isn't bad at all.
We ate at chima for valentines weekend.
The service was great, a nice salad bar, and great food.
I have been to comparable Brazilian places that weren't quite as pricey, but this is a nice dinner for a special occasion.
We were with our friends when they adopted a puppy and we were impressed!
The employees were super helpful and walked them around to find what they would need.
When we adopt, we will go here!
We had an emergency plumbing issue and our home warranty couldn't find us anyone to come on a Sunday.
We had no water and couldn't shower, etc.
I looked up plumbers on Yelp who were open today and they popped up with 5 stars!
I called and they answered right away!
They were to our house within 30 mins too.
Landon and Manuel were very nice and did a fantastic job explaining everything.
I would recommend them again 100%!
Thanks guys!
This is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere.
It's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price.
The food is fun and tasty.
I recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings.
Le service est excellent ma note ne viens pas de là mais plutôt de la propreté générale des lieux et des plats peu ragoûtants.
Ça fesait des années que je n'avais pas mis les pieds dans un buffet et après cette expérience je ne suis pas prête d'y retourner c'est à n'y rien comprendre que l'endroit soit toujours bondé le soir
Wow!
Everything is so fresh and pretty.
It's almost not like going to the movies.
There's a patio and full service bar.
The staff is welcoming and friendly.
Loved it!
AMC Westgate, it is really disappointing on how you defuse a bully!!!!
SHAME ON YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We arrived 35minutes early for the movie, & after the movie started this man & his wife came & wanted us to move from our seats so he & his wife could sit there.
We said no!
The man started threatening us.
I got security, explained the scenario, they came  & let me say....
They asked us to move so the other couple could sit there, & since we didn't, they were offered movie tickets for there inconvenience.
The guy sat next to my husband and kept shoving himself into his space of the seat, it was either leave or this guy getting hurt!
Management gave us a hard time on getting reimbursement......
WE WERE NOT REIMBURSED OUR FULL AMOUNT!
We should have moved, so what that we got there early for a seat.
It was Unbelievable!
SHAME ON YOU!
when I'm in the mood for fake Chinese food this is the place to go.
Unfortunately they no longer serve pork so the char siu is no longer on the menu.
So disappointed about that.
i'm not sure why they no longer sell it because the employees don't seem to know themselves.
I do love the fact they offer free samples so you can see if you will like it before you order it.
I do wish the prices was a little cheaper but you can get 2 meals out of a 2 item combo.
Other than the no park, they seem to have good customer service and are very friendly which is a plus.
This is my favorite McDonalds store in the local area.
It's clean, the staff is particularly nice and friendly, and the wifi is very fast.
There are electrical outlets in several locations if you want to work on your laptop.
You can purchase food at the counter, drive through, delivery (uber eats).
So convenient!
If you want to save even more money, check out the McDonalds app.
There are a half dozen coupons to get a free drink, fries or cone when you make any purchase and often have buy one get one free offers.
Check out the overhead board for additional regular promotions as well.
I help restaurants with their social media and online reputation and think the 2-stars they currently have is totally undeserved.
I originally came in here in January for a dislocated big toe that happened over the weekend and have been here a total of 6 times at $35 co-pay each time.
Every time you show up for your appointment, expect to wait 15 plus minutes in the lobby and another 5-10 minutes to see the Doctor once you get a room.
My last 3 appointments I see the Dr probably a total of 5 minutes each time.
I'm satisfied with the initial care in resetting my toe, but these last few appointments have been a waste of money and time.
After my sixth visit, the Dr also recommended a customized orthotic to fix the way I walk, I honestly didnt think I have a problem walking, but the custom orthotic cost $550 that was not covered by my insurance.
Needless to say, I passed.
P.S.
My brother also went there for a fractured ankle, after his surgery procedure and after many follow up visits, the doctor also recommended orthotics to him as well.
Small casual atmosphere.
EXCELLENT food.
Best Thai food in the greater Phoenix area.
The wonton soup is fantastic!!!
I had a spicy beef dish with peppers and onions requested spicy and it was fantastic.
Stopped by here to grab lunch with some colleagues and it was awesome!
The patio area outdoors is just delightful and cozy and it was a perfect day to eat outside.
I ordered the Reuben Feffer (I think) which was an organic brown rice bowl with lettuce, black beans, cheese, and steak.
It was delicious...
I loved it.
I would definitely come back and have it again.
Great spot for lunch!
Love the fact that there is no cover charge to play, just purchase of a drink/food item.
Get the lavender london fog and the japanese popcorn!
great space with friendly servers and a ton of new games with legible instructions.
Will be back!
Got on the guestlist via a promoter.
Went to another club before coming here.
Getting in took awhile since we got there at around 12 AM or so.
They made us (4 girls) wait in line for about 40 minutes and almost made us pay (saying that guest lits had closed), but I made a fuss about having to wait so they let us in comped.
The place is pretty.
That night was DJ Aoki, very good.
The place indoors has benches and stuff but also extends to and outside patio as well (with heat lamps!).
The drinks were not very strong but pricey (Not that I had to pay for them, so it's all fine in my boat).
It was my first time drinking Fiji water too!
Crowd is a bit older.
Overall had a fun time at this small lounge/club.
Stand-out seasonal menu, great food, and great service.
Local beer menu is a plus.
House-made charcuterie and satisfying portions.
Will be back.
I decided to check out this place with a friend based off of a recommendation and i'm so glad I follow through with it!
This is one of my new favorite spots.
Totally worth the drive across town.
Happy hour is from 5pm-6pm and the selection is great.
We ordered the Calamari, Amberjake Ponzu Salsa w/ Sweet Potato Chips, Blue Crab Hush Puppies, and the Spicy Tuna TarTar w/ Waffle Fries.
Everything was flavorful.
Everything was delicious!
Reasonable prices, delicious food, chill atmosphere and friendly employees.
Cannot wait to go back!
Just ate at Moreno's for the first time.
First they brought out fresh chips that are thin and warm and they come with bean dip, red and green salsa that are all good.
I had a chicken tostada and a fish taco.
The fish taco was served on two fresh corn tortillas and the sauce was full of flavor!
Loved them both.
Also at our table we had a Moreno's chicken burrito with green salsa and it was very good but the green salsa was a little spicey.
We will make this a regular spot for good food at a reasonable price.
Great service, good food and reasonable prices.
The lamb shank was excellent.
I would recommend if in the area.
Although this location is in a busy spot, it's a cute little place.
You have to ring the doorbell to get in.
I guess because of homeless.
The pharmacist is extremely nice and so was the gal who helped me.
They have free delivery too.
The only reason I couldn't give 5 stars is because they don't have an automated refill line to request refills.
Other than that, not a bad pharmacy!
I stopped by at Prime tonight after a grueling 9 hour business meeting.
When I arrived, I was seated at a great table close to the window where I could see the Bellagio Fountain Show in the background.
After I ordered my Whiskey, I had a chance to truly appreciate the beauty of this restaurant.
The decor is very upscale, romantic and very ornate.
A great place for a power business dinner or a date.
For dinner, I ordered the Butternut Squash Soup, Bone-in Rib-eye Steak, Potato Gnocchi and their Banana Tart for desert.
My entire meal was amazing.
Each dish was perfectly prepared and super yummy!
If you want a great steak dinner in one of Las Vegas' most romantic places, come to the Prime!
The food, fountain show and sexy decor rocks!
!
This place has ruined  my view of all other Brazilian restaurants that I thought where amazing.
Where do I begin the all you can eat food, I'm about to burst as I write this.
All I can say for the food is I made one trip to the galleria, after that I was at the table.
Why?
The frequency of the carvers bringing meat to my table was ridiculously fast,How fast?
as I was finishing my meat and trying to eat my side dish  I was being offered more meat.
I literally never had an empty plate from the time I sat down until I finally tapped out to sit and enjoy my drink and the entertainment.
The entertainment is one of the things about this restaurant that will make others seem bland.
From the guitarist, to the capoeira fighters this place is an over all experience, and one I won't soon forget.
I took my car to Ganley Lincoln service department to try and find out why horrible gasoline/raw gas odor were entering the cabin of my car, likely coming in through the HVAC system.
I suspected a likely fuel leak somewhere near the firewall but could not locate one.
I took my car to Ganley  Lincoln Service Dept.
and paid the $129 diagnostic fee (steep!).
Service advisor Beth P called to inform that I needed $1900 in repairs as the exhaust manifold gaskets were leaking and had a bad seal.
Yikes!!
Keep in mind this is a 2007 Lincoln Town Town in meticulous condition, always garaged, and only 65,000 miles and has barely been driving in winter.
I was quoted $500 a side for new exhaust manifolds and bolts at another service facility.
However,  the mechanic of 20 years said he has never seen a town car or crown vic needing new exhaust manifolds at 65,000 miles.
He did some further research and discovered the left rear cylinder spark plug was not seated properly and only needed to be rethreaded.
Total cost was $75 for retap and INCLUDED his diagnostic time as well.
Problem was fixed!!!
I know enough about engines as well to realize that $1900 sounded sky high and didn't think the new manifolds solution sounded correct.
Good thing I went with my gut and got a second opinion.
I would have been out $2000 in repairs and the problem would not have been corrected!
Stay away from this service department.
Far far away... unless you don't mind paying $2000 for repairs you don't need!
Mediocre Lao food.
I thought it was kinda odd when the hostess/waitress handed us the menus and told us to seat ourselves.
Other than that she was very nice.
We ordered sticky rice, paradise beef, pad Lao, BBQ pork, and chicken wings.
The only thing worth raving about was the padlao.
Noodles were a little firm for my liking but flavor was on point.
I told her just a little spicy and it was just that.
Everything else is not even worth mentioning.
Sticky rice was brought out cold.
I wouldn't go back.
The food was delicious and the overall experience was great!
I can't wait to go back!
!
Waited an hour just to get someone to cook at my table and there was one other party, last couple times I have been here service was not good, I hope management can get it together sometime soon.
Been there three times, and have tried out different dishes.
First time i got pad thai, omg, that food was sooooooooooo greasy and salty, but i swore that i was not going back there again.
But my coworker wants to go there for lunch and said the curry was good, so i went back again.
This time i had the green curry with beef, it was pretty decent, flavorful yet not too strong.
however, the veggie inside is a little bit more chewy that i would have prefer.
Then we went back again for lunch, this time i had the noodles, ca'n't remember what it is called.
it is those very thin and transparent one.
It was really good.
i ordered 4/5 spiciness, but still not too spicy.
So basically it might be a hit or a miss, and it is not super spicy so if you are looking for that you might be disappointed;.
overall a decent lunch spot.
3 stars as a restaurant 4 as a bar.
BTW:I apologize for my lackluster previous review.
When I first discovered yelp I went for quantity, not quality.
So this place used to be Jack Straw's which was probably THE best music venue the the town has ever "scene".
Well its not that place anymore.
Its still worth visiting and has more than just a bar or restaurant vibe to it.
On nice sunny days the deck is beautiful.
We had a going away party for a friend today.
We made reservations for 30 for Sunday brunch.
Only place in town with a mimosa deal that would take a crowd like us.
You would think that they would maybe tell a couple of extra servers to come in at least for the hour or 2 we were there.
We had 2 servers for our group and they also had other tables.
They did well, but felt I pretty bad for the other tables.
The brunch menu was large, but mostly it was just slight variations on eggs and meat with some major exceptions.
It was a cheaply made paper menu, but the one thing that stood out "the hangover" which was a breakfast sandwich on a doughnut.
But, they don't serve it anymore, even though it was on this cheaply made menu.
I tasted many peoples dishes, they were good but over priced.
Everything was roughly $9 except for biscuits and gravy and french toast.
Although, the $2 mimosa's and $4 bloody mary's is hard to beat.
All in all, this place has a history that it doesn't live up to.
Its good, but plenty of other places to go.
Side notes:Parking lot sucks, but its made up by the fact that they have SKEEBALL!!!!!!!!!
!
I'm from CA where we have many boba joints, but this one is my favorite.
My 3rd time to this place and I've been to the Eastern location once.
Since I discovered Brew Tea, I always pay a visit very time I'm in Vegas.
Service: Fantastic.
The staff here are very friendly and accommodating, even when they are busy.
If something isn't right about your order, let them know and they'll fix it in a heartbeat, hassle free.
They do it with a smile and apologize profusely.
I appreciate businesses that own up to their mistakes, and make every effort to make it right.
Drinks: The Brew Milk tea with grass jelly is what I normally get.
Delicious!
I have tried Jasmine milk tea, and that's great as well.
My other half got the Jasmine Green tea and he liked it.
Overall, great!
Crepes: I've had both the classic and berry lovers with whipped cream and green tea.
So tasty, I love it!
Will I Return?
Definitely 

Do I Recommend?
Absolutely
Don't pass this place by.
Got the grilled shrimp taco and it was spicy and the right kind of tangy.
They also put feta in it which I never would have thought of for tacos but it worked!
Cute atmosphere in the heart of the mill street district.
Sadly disappointed on my last visit.
We sat at  rooftop bar & service was terrible except for one waitress.
Wish I had gotten her name because she knew exactly how to take care of her customers!
First, took forever for the waitress to even take our orders.
Then, when the food came over (after we asked for it because it took too long) waitress was in a hurry to put down our plates that she spilled all the drinks!
Water & other drinks soaked our clothes, phone, and purse.
The waitress ran off quickly to get towels & came to clean up table.
Never once asked us or gave us towels to dry...other customers had to until we asked her.
Mind you no apology for the spill.
The manager even came over to clean up with no apology but rather cracked jokes!
Moved to a new table & she quickly drops off more drinks (on the house) & almost spilled them all on us.
Thankfully the new waitress took care of us.
I mentioned our meal should be on the house, when  manager comes over to say they can do the drinks only.
After all, it was only water!!
The nerve!!
We had to tell him it was drinks other than water.
Poor customer service from manager and waitress.
Had to ask to comp dessert.
Not recommending to anyone!
Worst place I've ever been , they don't care at all about you.
It is badly run and badly organized, just terrible truly terrible
Okay, we all know this restaurant is a love child of the most celebrated chef in America, Thomas Keller.
It is expensive, but not more expensive than the other upscale restaurants in the Palazzo/Venetian complex.
We also know this is Mr. Keller's "bistro" play, it has been much documented.
And I love French bistro food, my favorite kind on earth.
So 2 stars?
Here's why:

Service: At these prices you expect excellent service.
We had two tables of 8 each, next to each other, and all I can say is that the service was no better than what you would hope to receive at a Chili's.
Timing was off, smiles were rare, it took forever to deliver a glass of cranberry juice to the one person not drinking wine.
Clean-up was either too early or too late.
Just a mess.
Unacceptable at a restaurant of this rep.

Food:  Yes, pommes frites are a staple of bistros, and Bouchon is known for theirs, but the volume of fries was overwhelming.
At the end of the meal we all sat looking around and laughing at the endless piles of frites that nobody could finish.
I had a flatiron steak, asked for it medium rare, it arrived well done.
I could have sent it back, but given the service I didn't want to chance it, so chewed (and chewed and chewed) it down.
Steak quality was mediocre.
Had a endive/watercress salad that truly was nothing special.
The walnut vinaigrette did nothing to enhance the bitter endive, think it made it worse.
Ostensibly there was some Roquefort cheese in the salad, but about 4 little nibbles, added nothing to the rest of the salad - disintegrated.
I know times are tight, but this is a double digit priced salad, c'mon.
Nobody raved about their entree, in fact, I think people were expecting something special and kind of stared at what was delivered.
Wine:  A pretty fair list, and while not reasonably priced, I've seen more outrageous pricing elsewhere.
But it was predictable, mainly French, with a nice representation from the major regions, but nothing unique or intriguing.
Very safe list.
If this is a bistro there should be some more fun, and less pricey, bistro-y choices like Cru Bourgeois from Bordeaux, a longer list of Provencal wines, some unique choices from Cali.
I could have put this list together in my sleep, and the sommelier and wine service was pretty sleepy and sloppy as well.
I've been here for breakfast/brunch, and I guess this is their speciality, it was super, a 4 or maybe 5 star breakfast, love that.
But for dinner?
A disappointment.
This restaurant needs an overhaul.
The best sushi bar in the United states the service was amazing they where going to close and still late us in too have a nice dinner at the bar where we sitting the cooks where great kind and happy and made our dinner great go here 100%
Now closer to where I live!
Might be a problem for me.
Just opened 9/26.
I picked up dinner and lunch for work yesterday.
Salmon tacos w salad.
Lunch I got brown rice with garlic steak.
Comes with a side salad.
Quick and easy.
Great quality.
Meal prep available and they deliver too.
There is an unfortunate amount of hate-on going for ol' Sam's, so I've decided to come to their (honest) rescue.
First, let me give you some context:

1.
This is not the place to come for authentic Chinese cuisine.
Abort mission if that's your goal.
Go somewhere with a name that you can barely understand.
2.
This is not the place to come for personalized service and attention, especially not at 2am on a weekend.
You will be treated like what you probably are - a starving drunk person just as likely to skip out on your bill as you are to vomit on their floor.
Seriously - these folks put up with a lot.
A LOT.
Can you imagine taking care of hundreds of drunken morons every single night for the entire weekend?
It'd be like babysitting 100 children with ADHD who are also carrying loaded pistols and have an undeniable urge to hump on your white tablecloths.
So I chose to cut them some slack.
3.
I liken this to being the Denny's of Chinese food.
It is greasy, unhealthy and oh-so-delicious.
You love it while your eating it.
You tell yourself it's the greatest meal you've ever had in your life and you want to marry it.
But in 15 minutes it's going to sit like a stone in your stomach and you will question every ounce of your judgment.
If you can survive this brief period of remorse, your overall experience will come out on the positive.
4.
On a diet?
Yeah, no.
Not for you.
Yes, I too have been part of the raucous crowd that convenes here late at night after a night out in the Beltline.
I have slithered their noodles down my throat and I have savored the juices of their finest ginger beef.
I literally can't imagine coming here for a sit down meal at any other time.
I've also come here for the lunch buffet - as take out.
The place isn't quite as fun when the disco ball isn't a-glowin'.
Now if you're a student, a cheapskate or a person in need of large quantities of food (as much as you can physically force into a styrofoam container) - this place is a great option come lunchtime.
Just make sure you bring CASH.
They get a bit ornery if you try to pay with Debit/Credit.
Pro tip: Stuff as much as you can into your styrofoam container and just hold it shut, even if it won't close naturally.
You might get dirty looks, but I've never been yelled at - yet.
Mmmmm, 5 pounds of Calgary's finest imitation Asian cuisine.
Is 4 stars probably pushing it?
Yes.
If I could I'd give them a 3.5.
But as someone else mentioned, Calgary owes these fine folks a bit of thanks for giving us an option other than late night pizza or microwaved Alphaghetti.
Holy god, this place is delish.
But if you're stuffing your face with deep fried, hot toddy S.Indian goodness, tables in full 95 degree sunlight don't work as seating - an umbrella, perhaps, would make this an easier lunchtime sell.
Fav?
Lilva Katchori - tiny nuggets of buckwheat groats and mustard seeds, turmeric, curry leaves, covered in pastry and fried.
Crunchy, textural, rad.
Comes with their house hot tamarind sauce - a sweet, gradually crescendoing spice experience, thin, and everything tastes better dipped in it.
Got some sort of sandwich, let's go with curry and lime pickle and chickpea spread - and damn, it was awesome.
A slider by way of Punjab.
Killer.
Prices are low to mid - and there are things being made here that you can't get anywhere else, plus the classics are fab - samosas, two huuuuge pastry-covered piles of fennel seed, potato, unidentifiable delish, for 3 bucks.
A garlicy, smoky dal, multiple legumes, a cup or so of Paneer Masala, a perfect amount of rice, papadum, and thin, pancake-like Naan, for 7.
Sweet.
Hubby and I shared the pork belly and the short rib small plates.
I Loved the Pork belly.
We also ordered 2 desserts.
The alexis michelle terrine and the ranndy jackson presents: "the sundae".
Both were really good but OMG the sundae was so delicious the bacon caramel popcorn was a unique idea and was such a great addition to the dish.
This was my first time here and I will be back, I found a lot I was looking for in would highly recommend this to anyone who looking for clothes...
This is my go-to DD.
I always get great service and great coffee.
The staff is always in a great mood and it makes for a great start to my day.
Went here to grub but was disappointed.
The Baja chicken rolls were flavorless and the fried pickles were rock hard salt licks.
Even their ranch dressing was a solid.
lump.Never eating here again.
This is a place you can drive by 1,000 times and not think twice but, take our advice and pull in!
It is completely worth it!
The staff was super nice and the food is totally different than what most of Charlotte offers!
Using your hands for utensils and having homemade honey wine!
Great experience that will keep us going back!
Good for breakfast,  they have a dog friendly patio, kids liked the mickey mouse pancake, the breakfast potatoes are delightful and the atm5is nice, they have a train that runs along a track through out the restaurant that really entertained the kids
There's just not much that can go wrong with deep fried chicken!
The meat fell apart so easily, and it was so tender and juicy.
The outside was really flavorful and crunchy, and the chicken was extremely hot, fresh out of the fryer.
DAT SAUCE THO!
Dip it, drizzle it, drench it, bath it, slurp it, lick it, either way it's D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S.

Texas Toast!
I was thinking that this would be like french toast when I heard about it, but it's more like a really yummy dinner roll.
Coming back to Raising Cane's again.
I visited PMI Green Valley today for an annual mammogram.
From the front desk to the mammogram itself, the staff at PMI is absolutely wonderful.
My tech (Emma) was patient, informative, and best of all, very personable and funny.
I've had several positive experiences with this imaging center in the past but after today's visit, I can't recommend this imaging center high enough.
Beautiful and functional space, good food and drinks, friendly service.
Highly recommend!
This is a diner.
On a Tuesday night between 6 to 730 this place was completely empty except for our table.
We were a party of 10.
Our server was very friendly.
The service was good.
This food is basically diner food, mainly fried food and fast food.
I had the fruit plate which was very vague, came with yogurt and granola which was good.
My husband had the chili cheese dog.
The hotdog was a foot-long.
However no matter how big a hotdog is, unless it's some kind of gourmet sandwich at a fancy place, I expect to pay less than the $22 this place charges.
The menu is extensive, and I get that this is vegas, it was still way too pricy.
The Gordon Ramsay restaurant has cheaper burgers!
Anyway, unless you just want a quick bite or can't find reservations anywhere else, i would skip this place.
perk is great!
the food is really good and comes out fast.
the staff is the friendliest around.
there is an einstein bagel's a few doors down - why go there?
honestly - i wish more people in the community supported locally owned places like this instead of chains.
the money stays right here in the community instead of being shipped out of state - and god knows this state needs jobs and money!
i'd highly recommend this restaurant.
In my view, in the US there are generally three types of Sushi places.
The very small, packed place that has the run of the mill sushi, the convert belt sushi, or the fancy schmancy type with renamed sushi rolls and a few not so common.
In my view Kofusion is, at least this location is the fancy schmancy type and the prices to go with it.
Nonetheless they have some unique rolls and have more than just sushi.
So if you have friends who are adverse to raw seafood, they'll be able to find items such as hibachi chicken or beef, along with rice or noodle dishes.
The service was, just okay.
For as few people there were at the time we visited, I felt the service could have been far better.
My suspicion is the kid was nursing a hangover, but he was friendly and he did get our order right.
As with most sushi places, when the two platters of sushi rolls came to the table they presented well and certainly there was pride in the work.
The rolls were nice and tight and didn't fall apart from plate to mouth.
The fish, especially the salmon was very fresh and I liked the special sauce used on the spicy tuna.
I would certainly come back here again, although if you've not been to the Mongolian place just up the road, I would suggest giving that a try too.
Both places are excellent.
One other point.
If you happen to be over by the collage, there is a small Kofusion place by the Music hall.
I've not been there myself, but just thought I'd mention it so you didn't trek through congested roads.
Outstanding Italian food in the Venetian Mall!
If you're lucky enough to be in Vegas and at the Venetian, don't skip this very popular spot in the Mall.
The atmosphere on the patio has the urban street scene feel with all the mall customers walking by; lot's of hustle and bustle but it's not distracting like having a slot machine ringing in your ear.
It was loud, boisterous... but nice!
Very cool joint that I can't wait to visit again.
WHEN YOU GO- Ask for Sergio and wait if you have to.
The guy's worth it!
DO NOT skip the Filet Mignon Meatballs.
They're as good as they sound.
Lobster Ravioli, Chicken Parm and lobster ravioli are winners as well.
Very nice spot that is from now on in my regular Las Vegas resto rotation!
Wow this place was super nice and fancy.
A lot of people stay here for their work.
Everything feels very new, modern, clean, and has elegant interior design.
The workers here are very friendly and always tend to your needs.
All of the furniture and decorations have a very minimalist feel to them.
Which is probably why I'm so drawn to this hotel.
I've only had the breakfast here and it's pretty good.
I only wished we got bigger cups and plates.
Not a deal breaker though.
The room I stayed at was very spacious, and big.
We had 2 full size beds, a couch, a desk, and a big bathroom.
The rooms also had a minimalist fee to them.
The beds were so comfy.
Once you lay down, you sink in.
I slept so well there.
The desk was kind of small however, and it only came with 1 chair.
This kind of sucked because there were 3 people in my room and we each had to do some work in our room.
The bathroom was amazing.
It had a glass shower, and 2 sinks that were aesthetic af.
We had a huge window that spanned the whole height and width of the room.
It was a nice view and we could see the beautiful Skyline.
I would definitely stay here next time I'm in town.
Awful Awful Awful!!!
I made an appointment to get my hair colored and the front desk women recommended a specific stylist based on what I wanted.
I arrived with a photo of the type of color I wanted.
Also described.... Darker color at roots, golden color towards bottom no stripes.
What I received 2 hours later was ashy dull highlights all over the top of my head, the bottoms of my hair looked so broken and dead, when looking at back of head there were 2 dark stripes down length of my hair that went from top of head to bottom which is very long to my mid back.
I was embarrassed and just wanted to leave salon ASAP.
The following day I found a new salon to fix my hair.
They described my hair as looking like cousin it.
Every stylist in the salon was astonished as to what was done to my hair.
They actually stayed open late and arrived to their Christmas party late in order to fix the mess made of my hair.
The stylist took photos of before and after photos of my hair to send back to etch to ask for refund.
I did this the following week as I had a lot going on with Christmas and family in town.
I spoke with Emma the salon manager at etch... She informed me that they stand by their work and since she didn't see my hair in person, and since I waited a week they would not be refunding my money.
I will never ever go to this salon.
I strongly suggest that you don't try this salon not only do to the poor work performed but also do to the incredibly poor customer service.
I spent $200 to ruin my hair at etch...and another $200 to get it color corrected at snap dragon salon.
Thank goodness for snap dragon!!
They saved me!
!
Prices are in line with other theaters for tickets food and drinks, I like the concession set up.
The theater seats are designed like a medieval torture device.
I have gone her twice and had to visit my chiropractor the next day.
Good theater sound and close to home to bad the chairs are so terrible.
First time I came here, it was pretty empty.
Not that it's a bad thing, the food actually came out better.
Then today, I came again.
Except it was busier.
The food- (BBQ Beef) came out oily and kind of gross.
They also mixed up my father's order and gave it to someone else.
If you come when the restraint is empty, you get better food and service.
Great Mexican at a great price.
Margaritas are awesome too.
Servers are polite and service is quick.
This is our go-to place for Mexican around the gaston county area.
Met a friend for lunch today as he wanted to try this place.
We sat inside the restaurant as opposed to the food court.
The server was very attentive and got our meals out quickly.
The bean soup was okay, nothing special with very few beans.
The laffa bread left on the table was very tasty.
Interestingly and strange is that we were told that they didn't have any chef salads with only vegetables but had these salads were available if meat were added to them!
Odd..
Ordered the  tabouli salad which was fresh and tasty.
Odd that coffee refills aren't free.
Lots of mishegas!
My experience over the years with kosher restaurants has lead me to avoid them.
This one wasn't as bad as most but not good enough to bring me back.
My friend and I were excited to check out the burger that's rated #1 in Charlotte and couldn't wait to take our first bite of this juicy delight.
Well I hate to admit it but, I was very disappointed once the order hit the table.
We both looked at each other and asked the same question...is that it?
We ordered the Cowboy burger and if I had to describe it in one word, I'd have to say it was BLAH!
No flavor at all, dry bun, tiny flat burger that looks like I cooked it at home and barbecue sauce was on the side in a little cup.
The only thing that saved this meal were the French fries and the free refill of beverage to wash the burger down.
As far as I'm concerned, I won't be going back to that establishment for a $13 burger, fries and a drink.
So disappointed in a floral arrangement I had sent to a funeral.
Flowers looked like something you would pick up at a grocery store.
I will not use them again.
Great HH and awesome catfish dinner for only $9!
The king crab with the trifecta is my favorite.
Remember to order bread for all the deliciousness!
!
Not sure why all of the 5 Star ratings.
Food was just average at best and with price considered it's less then average.
Fries were meeh, sandwiches the same and service slow.
The only saving grace was the pleasant young man who took the order was both knowledgable and courteous.
Too much money and slow delivery, not a good combination.
Removed from my bookmarks, won't be going back.
I agree with Sean, as a Chicago native every good 'street food' type joint has the hot dog statue outside and the sports posters and stuff lining the walls.
Today saw me ordering a gyro and I really would not recommend this as a gyro place.
The pita was good enough, but the meat was weird-dry and VERY lemony...tzatziki would hold it's own I suppose but the meat totally took away from the experience.
Seven bucks for a gyro and small pop.
Take that for what it's worth..........
I've eaten lunch here previously and I thought the beef sandwiches were okay, not great by any means but I'd order a beef sandwich way before the gyros should I lose my mind and patronize this establishment again.
the store looked awesome.....

the kid behind the counter was super annoying !!!!!!!!
He must have been like 19 or 20.....trying to test me on gas mileage and math....im a 32 year old grow woman who just got off work, all i wanted was a few bucks in gas and be on my way....NOT be on 'are you smarter then a gas attended' game show....really turned me off....
NEVER TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!!
This place is a complete rip-off and has the WORST customer service I have EVER come across.
We went there and asked what package we needed in order to have the interior of our new car cleaned out.
(not shampooed, just the seated sprayed off and wiped) We were told to get the $39.00 VIP package, and it would take care of cleaning off the front and back seats.
Not only did the wash on the outside look horrible, they barely wiped down the front seats, doors, and dash, they also didnt wipe anything in the back.
I had to argue with the manager for almost 10 minutes about wiping down the back, that took him a whole 2 minutes to do, and it was still so half-assed that I had to do it myself once I took the car home.
We paid $39 for what would have been the same wash as the $7 was.
I had then taken my car in for detail since I had received a detail job certificate from a friend a couple weeks prior to this fiasco, and being there are no refunds on detail jobs, I had to take it in or lose the money.
So, this past weekend, it went in.
They took 5 hours to detail the car.
I was expecting it to take between 3-4 like they had originally told me, but, that was just the start of the frustration.
I paid to have the car detailed with a clay bar to remove swirl marks and find scratches.
There are now more swirl marks on my car than when it went in, not all of the wax was removed, so I had to use my microfiber cloths to remove it myself, I specifically said that I DIDNT want any armorall or leather conditioner on my interior, and to just clay bar the outside, they didnt listen to that, so I spent 30 minutes wiping greasy armorall off my interior and leather.
I told the manager that I was completely dissatisfied with the job that was done, he refused to give me any money back and said I would have to bring it back for them to do the job again.
I will NOT take my car back to have more damage done for another 5 hour job.
I could have purchased the stuff to do the job myself in about 2 hours of time and had it done right.
Please head this warning and DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!
terrible wash, and even worse customer service.
I went here last night, and I loved it!
First, the atmosphere is really good - I'm a sucker for bricks though so I generally like any restaurant that has brick walls.
My friend and I started with the trio of cheese (I think it was around $18 for 3).
We asked the waiter's advice as to which cheeses to choose and his reco was excellent.
Each cheese comes with its own condiment so we had a baby mozzarella with a rhubarb compote, a paresan with strawberry and another cheese which I can't remember with marmelade - fantastic!
For my main, I had the gnocchi which was really good and my friend had some kind of pasta with lemon and ricotta (she really liked it but it wasn't my thing).
Both were around $20

We wanted a little something extra so we split a trio of sorbet - bergamot, rhubarb and mango - the rhubarb was my favourite

All in all, a great night.
The service was excellent, the room was really nice and the food was awesome (and reasonably priced).
My only complaint was that our cocktails were really small and didn't appear to have much alcohol in them.
I'd stick to wine if I went again.
Okay guys what the hell... did you open up the transmission and fix it or did you put the timming belt back on like just right?
It's seriously never ran this great before it used to not shift gears very well at all now it drives like a dream and all you supposedly fixed was the radiator?
I don't believe it my friend.
Will be back for some more of that magic touch!
The burgers and fries w/ Maine Root soft drinks are all tasty.
This place has nice patio and very dog friendly.
They even have dog bisquits for the dog!
Love their happy hour special pricing.
This restaurant is one of my favorites!
Their pita bread is the best I have ever had... it's fluffy, light, & super fresh!
The hummus of course is to die for and they have all different types as well!
The flavors here are exceptional, and I could eat there food on a daily basis.
The staff is also super friendly, and the vibe and atmosphere there is top notch.
This is a really fun place, especially considering there was no wait and everywhere else around was an hour and a half wait!
We wish we'd seen the specials on the board when you first walk in because there was a lot more to offer than what is on the menu (Standard British pub fare) The staff was awesome, yummy food, prepared beautifully!
Very fun atmosphere they do have the best fried chicken with wasabi mayo.
I had their ramen noodles.
Lacking in flavor and their pork belly could have been better.
Best ramen so far is Ippodu in NYC.
I came here for dinner recently and had a very pleasant time.
The staff was very cordial and polite.
The place at the time we went (around 6:30 PM on a Friday night) was quiet but I believe more people come here for their lunch buffet.
The food was delicious and was happy to rely on Yelp to find this little spot.
If I could give zero stars I would.
I ordered breakfast for 5 people and they gave me 1 fork and 4 napkins.
At a hotel so can't exactly go to the kitchen and get utensils.
Can't even give them the excuse they were busy.
Literally no one there.
Came here at around 1pm on a Friday afternoon.
Not crowded at all and was seated right away.
Ordered avocado egg roll for appetizer and had 'Evelyn's Favorite Pasta' as my main.
Ordered my pasta from their lunch special which is just a smaller portion off of their regular menu and for this particular one, it was only $2 less than regular.
However, I thought the portion was still pretty good and I even had leftovers.
Our server Jesse was attentive & came back twice to fill up our drinks.
Would come back.
was told it was a lounge but it felt a little more clubby than that.
we went on a friday night and it was quite a lovely scene.
like everything else at the wynn it's pretty damn gorgeous.
the dj was working his ipod and the crowd was a good mix.
i'd def go back but i heard there's a $40 cover.
So many choices running up and down the street.
How do you choose?
Actually this place has been on my list for about 2 years.
So even though I had to steer my husband here, and we kept looking up the road a bit, we ended up back here.
For starters the inside is nice, BUT, it kinda looks like a blacksmith vomited in there.
Someone needs to put the reigns on this tangled mess of metalwork.
There was some decorative painting along the stairs to the downstairs bathroom...kinda nice, and a soothing relaxing blue and cream palette that was quiite nice.
The noise level was loud and festive.
The appetizer dip plate Kria Polikiliea is an array of Taramosalata--a caviar and potato spread that was new to me, eggplant based dip, houmos, and Tztziki.
The serving was generous, but we had to ask for another pita.
The Quail appetizerwas delicious as my meal.
My husband had the Lamb boneless 
I'm not a fan of the texture of the rice, but it seems pretty consistent through all of the Greek places I go, so I suppose it's me, not them.
I have a 2003 Jaguar S Type R which needed some basic break and suspension work due to the age of the car being over 10 years old.
Sean at Top Gear Motorsports recommended this shop with high confidence.
Coming from working with Sean for so many years, I was very impressed at the level of communication and high customer service I received from Joe and the family.
So far I have had the following done:

Rear calipers re-surfaced/new pads
Rear suspension components (end links, bushings, tie rods)
Front Struts
Problem solved a clunking sound (figured it out in less than an hour)
Alignment (to my own specs, which is great)

Joe always calls and explains the situation thoroughly, giving me a range of options, with absolutely no pressure.
He has never forced me to do something I didn't feel comfortable with.
He always makes sure that I leave happy and satisfied with the process.
There has never been a weird story or something that has made me feel like I was being taken advantage of, and that matters because I have a great BS meter and am a huge car guy.
Also the labor rate is very competitive and i was able to procure my own parts rather than buy from Jaguar, which has saved me thousands in $$$.
5 Stars, my only complaint is there is no shuttle service or car that can pick me up from work.
Great shop, highly recommended for your Jag or Euro import!!
!
Worst Thai food I've ever had I ordered scallop asparagus and shiitake I couldn't have more than 2 bites...
It was tasteless and after I had the first bite there was a paste of oil on the top of the inside of my mouth it was so gross!!
Also the scallops were like rubber so chewy!!..
I also ordered basil noodle with beef it had no flavor the only thing that was decent was the BBQ chicken from the grilled section... And I asked to get some peanut sauce for it which I didn't get....
I'm never coming back!
!
Delicious delicous declicous!!
It is my go-to place for vietnemese food.
I am never disappointed!!
Yummy soups and can never go wrong with the spring rolls.
Good ice cream put poor systems.
One cashier for busy night with a line to pay 20 deep...
Best salon ever!!
Not only do they get the job done excellently, but Ora, Keisha & Kee are so fun & make getting your hair done an experience.
I love it here.
Montreal, what did you do in a previous life to be punished with such crummy bagels?
Seriously, eating these bagels made me want to start a public service campaign called "It Gets Better" and I'll recruit people in other cities to show you how good bagels can be.
This bagel shop must be build on an ancient Iroquois burial ground.
Seriously, on a weekend trip to Montreal, I had a goal to try these legendary bagels.
These things are shriveled up, flat and taste like someone left out the salt.
Matzoh Bagels.
Blech.
4 hours later, they were inedible.
I love bagels.
I've had bagels in New York, Boston, San Francisco, Seattle and I've even taught myself to make really good bagels at home (Google "Peter Reinhart Bagel recipe").
These Fairmount bagels were a huge disappointment.
If I made a batch of bagels that came out like this, I'd toss them out and try again.
Hope I save some other bagel loving visitor from shlepping up to this shop.
Food is consistently good here.
Portions are adequate, but the service can be slow.
The space is tight, and parking can be an issue in lawrenceville.
Driven by this place a bunch if times, decided to give it a try since it's right by our house.
Glad we did!
The good was excellent, service was fast & friendly.
Good pub-style food.
Definitely would recommend it and the prices are just right!
Was there in a Friday night for oysters and cocktails.
Not happy hour proces but the oysters are great.
Bartender crafts wonderful drinks and is helpful in suggesting others.
Not a sports bar (tv is tiny lol was fun watching people try to see the score) pricey but excellent drinks.
Nice place alone or small group can't see it being a large group spot at all.
Best cupcakes I've had from a store!
They are light and airy, not dense like some of the cupcake chains out there.
Very dangerous having this place so close to my house.
Love love love!!
!
If you like it hot, this is your place.
It is a bit pricier then other Mexican restaurants but the portions are large and don't taste like it was frozen and just warmed up... cough, cough Macayos!
Great specials on the happy hour menu.
Friendly staff, nice atmosphere and the hatch chilies are their staple.
The salsa is great and the bean dip is a nice change with the chips.
The baked goods seem to be home made and are really good (I loved the cookies I got).
The food portions are really big.
The staff is super friendly.
That's the good, the not so good is that the food is just ok.
Nothing I had was bad nor was it that great.
I had a burger one trip and I had some sort of pasta the next trip and I wasn't impressed by the taste but for the money and the amount I got I felt like I was ok with the whole situation.
I recommend you try this spot out for yourself.
Loads of people are always coming and going so maybe my tastes are off on this one.
You be the judge.
When I went to school at Pitt, Taiwan Cafe was one of my favorite places to eat.
Their lunch specials are delicious, cheap, and filling; what more can you ask for?
I'm particularly fond of the General Tso's tofu (yes, it's not at all authentic, but it's still really yummy and you can get it spicy.)
Unfortunately, I moved away, but whenever I make it back to Pittsburgh, I always stop by here.
And although I haven't been going to this restaurant regularly for almost two years, when I stop by on a visit, the people here still recognize me.
Now that's customer service done right.
So in short, there's nice people and great food, and I can't recommend this place highly enough.
I tried Pita Pit for the first time a couple years ago when I received a free gift card from work.
I was flustered from beginning to end--- I handed the cashier my gift card as payment, and he just thought it was some sort of promo card.
He then asked for my debit card, which I passed over.
When I questioned him why my gift card did not run, he was very perturbed and snapped at me when he had to cancel and re-do the transaction.
Then, I ordered the Gyro, which anywhere else would not require much description.
Well, I was confused by the fact that I was asked what I wanted on my Gyro (um, the usual Gyro ingredients?!)
and that Hummus costs additional (which is not ever mentioned at the register when ordering the Gyro).
Maybe I've never gotten over this initial experience, but I have yet to truly enjoy Pita Pit.
I think the Pitas are over-filled with meat and sauce and under-filled with vegetables.
Though initially tasty, I always feel very ill after eating here...
I only plan on returning when I get dragged here yet again by a co-worker trying to avoid the other two chain options on this block of East Carson.
My drink was delicious!
I had an iced sweetheart mocha.
I also had a sandwich.
Really tasty!
Best of all.
The nicest people!
I will continue to go there!
It's like an Ohio classic.
We got carry out, placed order online, it was ready when I arrived to pick up, still warm.
I got the blueberry pancakes.
You get four large pancakes filled with blueberries and topped with blueberry syrup - a little too sweet for me, but still pretty good.
I wish the sauce was a bit fresher and less....corn syrupy.
I also really like their sunshine skillet - so delicious.
Probably will get that next time.
I am not a person for Buffets unless I am in Vegas but I was totally blown away f=by this place!!!
First of all just the deco of the place was one big investment as the had it all in there including the Eiffel Tower, Greek wind mill, part of china and italy.
Then there was the food and since I am careful what I am eating they actually had lots to offer.
plenty of veggies, 7 different types of pizza.
A complete turkey which I had but they had roasts of all types.
Which I was told are slow cooked over night.
Chinese food was good esp.
the spring rolls which I have a friend who makes and these were exactly like his.
The owner gave me a complete tour of the place which seats 800+ yes 800.
He told me saturday nite he is full.
They even had private rooms for conference or weddings etc...Out door on the roof for the summer.
Mind blowing.
Everything is cook in house.
I will be back.
I am not sure what all of the hype is about.
Based on Man vs. Food recommendation we had the Torta Del Ray sandwich and it was VERY disappointing.
The meat was dry, sausage was not browned and it was totally tasteless.
I think the cook neglected to season the meats.
My buddy ended up dumping salsa on his sandwich and I put hot sauce- anything to get flavor.
Don't waste your time on this one.
MAJOR disappointment.
On a positive note, the service was excellent.
Cucumber margaritas and guacamole are remarkable
I almost always get the machaca and am never disappointed
The scallops entree is delicious, I literally could eat an entire plate of the poblano creamed corn it comes with 
Service is always attentive
Happy hour is always jammed so you pretty much have to be waiting at the door when they open to get a seat at the bar but the deals are worth it
This place is packed on Wed which is the discount day.
The chicken isn't bad at all, and the service is ok.
It's only
a pickup place.
Nowhere to eat inside.
Kinda warm inside.
Food is pretty good and have a good variety of sides.
There is absolutely no one with more integrity in the field of car diagnosis and repair than Hamid and his employees.
Very reasonably priced, fast and efficient service.
The shop is immaculate, with a plethora of snack and drink options that outshine the rest.
Give this place a try -- simply the best in town.
Great food and greatCustomer service.They messed up my order and when they realized they apologized and returned our money.
This place is a true gem!
Well worth the short block and a half walk from Fremont Street..
The food was delicious and surprising, more than just authentic Mexican, it was new, fresh and original.
I loved every bite.
BEST guacamole I have ever had.. We will come back again and again.
Cool casual vibe, super friendly staff, and fun atmosphere.
Spent the New Year at this place after a brutal Fiesta Bowl game.
Had a nice meal and complementary drink for toasting the new year.
Took the edge off before the 4 hour drive back to reality.
Thanks.
If you come on a Friday or Saturday after 6 or 7pm, expect to have a bit of a wait.
One nice perk is that they have an open table that you can stand at to enjoy your pre-dinner drinks so you don't have to crowd around those sitting at the bar.
I absolutely love the atmosphere at this place with the big wood-burning pizza oven behind the bar where you can watch your pizza being cooked.
They have a great selection of wines from different countries and their food options are not overwhelming, but always deliver big.
When I went a couple months ago, they had caramelized brussel sprouts that they cooked in the wood-burning oven that were amazing!!
I've tried many of their pizzas and haven't had one that I dislike.
My favorites are the Quattro Formaggio and the Spicy Sopressata, which despite the name, is not too spicy.
In the summer, a huge perk to this place is their outdoor patio.
They have a couple long picnic tables and also have smaller tables along the fence.
On a warm spring/summer night, it's very relaxing to sit outside and enjoy the nice weather.
I am new to Nevada and was so happy to stop into Half Price and get exactly what I needed!
Got a super comfortable mattress for an unbeatable price and was in and out in less than an hour.
Phil was a great help and made the process quick and painless and even had me laughing most of the time!
I definitely will be recommending my family and friends!
Asada nachos are pretty good.
The waitress was super nice.
I would come back here when in Vegas!
If I could give negative stars I would!
These people are very nasty, rude, uncivilized scum of the earth.
They towed my sons vehicle and he is a MARINE OVER SEAS I got the paperwork they requested and they still will not let me get my sons vehicle back!
Trying to charge me almost $900.00 and it increases daily!
I can not even start to tell you how horrible these scum bags are!
I am filing several complaints against them with who ever will listen, DO NOT TRUST THEM!
Take your dog somewhere else.
This park is fantastic, but bringing my dogs here has become a hazard.
People do not pay attention to their pets and let them run free.
My dog has been hurt twice now.
A smaller park is much safer.
Do not recommend.
So many great things to say about this place, but it didn't hit everything so that's why I had to mark it down one star.
Check in was reasonable and the staff are friendly.
At first I was taken back by the mandatory valet, but I like that it's based on gratuity/tip.
I love that it's smoke free and still basically on the strip.
The one bedroom suite is super spacious and could honestly comfortably fit four adults if tight on cash.
Rom service provides good portions for the money and is prompt.
So the markdowns come for the cleaning and the gym.
There were two obvious strains on the curtains, which I know if I can see, housekeeping should be able to and thus CLEAN!
Also, I was curious as to why there were a pair of men's dress shoes under the bed.
Did housekeeping vacuum under the bed???
Clean with their eyes closed??
I dunno.
Also, my friend went to get extra pillows from the closet and said there was hair on them and they were dirty...not acceptable.
Lastly, I do workout everywhere and was slightly disappointed from the size of the gym.
I was still able to get a mini workout in, but I guess I was expecting more variety and no kids.
Typically this would be 3 stars bcuz if the cleanliness, but the customer service and space superseded the issues this time.
Warning: This review contains a lot of gushing and high praise.
If this sort of unabashed adulation makes you uncomfortable, you might want to turn away now.
You have been warned.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BETTER BRUNCH EXPERIENCE IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!
The White Brick Kitchen really knows what they're doing and I don't have even one solitary complaint (and, believe me, I'm very picky and thoroughly enjoy complaining when it's warranted - so I would if I could, but I honestly can't).
Allow me to regale you all with the delicious tale of my delightful brunch.
My friend and I were fearful that we would have to wait for a table when we arrived at 10 am on a Sunday.
It was such a pleasant surprise when we were seated immediately and quickly presented with both coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice.
The atmosphere of the restaurant is very welcoming, laid-back and cozy.
I already felt very content as I sipped my OJ, little did I know that I was about to be sky rocketed from content to off-the-charts-euphoric.
It seemed as though we had only just placed our orders for the Scotch-ish Eggs when they were set before us, as if by magic.
The service was so fast that it verged on ridiculous, but the quality of the food did not suffer in the least.
On paper, the Scotch-ish Eggs sound super tasty (two panko fried soft boiled eggs, hollandaise, greens, buttered baguette and potatoes), but nothing can fully prepare you for how transcendent this dish truly is.
I am awestruck by how perfectly cooked the soft-boiled eggs were in spite of the fact that they were breaded in panko and deep fried.
I have no idea how they still manage to maintain the optimal runny yolk consistency while creating such a crispy coating on the outside of the egg; it's nothing short of incredible.
Every component of the meal was outstanding - from the dressing with a subtle hint of Parmesan on the salad to the golden brown potatoes.
I can't say enough good things about this dish, you really have to try it!
I'm excited to return to The White Brick Kitchen soon to try their other dishes (if they're anything like the Scotch-ish Eggs, I am definitely in for a treat).
I loved that even though they're offering high-quality food, the prices are very reasonable.
Great spot, great staff and sublime food.
You really cannot ask for more!
I love this park, and my dogs do too!
It's beautiful and well maintained.
Even on a busy day there's still plenty of room to walk around, exercise, or have a picnic!
It's probably exactly what a reasonable person would expect from a recently renovated, small 'locals' casino -- clean & modern 24/7 cafe with a basic menu, decent food & cheap to fair prices.
I ordered the onion rings as an appetizer, & the Meatballs & Spaghetti as the main course, however, as a vegetarian, I asked for just spaghetti marinara -- no meatballs!
First out was a small salad, which comes with the entree.
It was good.
Next out were the onion rings -- about 8-10 rings of various sizes, and Ranch dressing as a dipping sauce.
The onion rings were pretty greasy, as I suppose most are, so I'm not complaining, however I do expect a big stomach-ache from them at any moment -- hopefully I'll be home by then!
I do wish more places would get rid of (more of) the grease before serving onion rings, or set them down atop a diaper or something!
The pasta course was good.
Instead of them bringing Parmesan cheese on the side, the entree came with it already atop the pasta -- fine for me, but beware, if you don't want cheese.
Also included with the pasta entree were two fresh garlic bread sticks -- they were very handy in absorbing the excess liquid in the bowl of pasta.
I was sad but not surprised to see that instead of deducting a dollar or two off the price of Meatballs & Spaghetti ($8.99) since I asked for pasta & sauce without the meatballs, I was charged full price.
My bottom line:  Decent food at an OK price & good, friendly service, but neither the casino (I don't gamble) nor the restaurant will be a 'destination' for me -- I came here because I was curious, my curiosity is now satisfied, and I don't see a reason to return.
But if you're a local looking for a small, clean & friendly place to gamble or hang out at the bar & watch a game on TV & while you're here already, you're hungry for some basic food, Sarah's Kitchen will meet your needs.
Apparently this place is much better at 4:00a (according to some locals).
However, as a tourist visiting the Toronto area, the fact that "poutineries" is even a thing is amazing.
I thought this place was really good.
Definitely not a healthy choice, but delicious!
Love the 80's rock theme too.
This is a very nice casino.
It is yet another of the Station chain, which I very much like.
We enjoyed the gambling, and the buffet even more.
If you are in the Henderson area, this is a very good place to go.
I'm convinced that the Eaton Centre is the modern incarnation of Dante's "Inferno".
As in, it is hell.
Pure hell.
Believe you me, I love a good shopping mall as much as the next gal, but I avoid the Eaton Centre like the plague.
Oh Eaton Centre, how do I hate thee?
Let me count the ways:

1) Teeming with truant teenagers and tired tourists, travelling through the mall itself is a true testament to tenacity.
The layout of the centre is confusing, and combined with the constant crowds, navigation can be complicated and challenging (cue applause).
2) It is said that "variety is the spice of life."
Consider that the Eaton Centre has 3 Aldos, 2 Bell Worlds, 2 Feet Firsts, 2 Nutrition Houses, and 2 Sunglass Huts, to name a few.
Is this really necessary?
Is it a secret ploy by the city of Toronto to encourage everyone to be getting proper nutrition while rocking fabulous footwear, sporting sunglasses and chatting on a cell phone?
3) The one redeeming quality of the Eaton Centre - the prime, central location - is also, in several ways, its downfall.
Parking is expensive.
Hordes of people travelling to and from Dundas and Queen stations and the PATH converge here.
Trying to hunt for deals isn't easy when battling major pedestrian traffic.
4) The washrooms - if you can find one, that is - are always in high demand.
High demand washrooms equate to dutty, dutty washrooms.
For decent mall shopping, Yorkdale is just a hop and a skip away by subway, and is far less congested with pretty much the same (if not better) selection of stores.
THE WORST!!
The line up is outrageous just to get a number, you still hve to wait to be called after that.
The line has over 50 people in it and there is only one staff member handing out nunbers.
The other staff serving thise w a number are just sitting there.
Super under staffed and slow.
Never coming back here again!!
!
Went here before a concert.
Literally just steps from the t mobile arena.
You walk and your assaulted (in a good way) by loud music and flashing lights.
They have a crazy host running around with a mic singing and getting patrons to do sake bombs.
When you go to some place like this you think the food is going to be sub par - it wasn't.
The toro sushi was so good and fresh as was the yellow tail and salmon.
The spicy tuna roll wasn't nearly as good as the sushi but still decent.
You can imagine that the service was spotty with our waitress breaking to jump into a song and dance - but the management felt so bad that we had to wait so long that they took care of a large part of our drinks.
Wouldn't definitely recommend - but it is a party atmosphere so be prepared.
You know, for the price, this isn't a dump.
If you're looking for something cheap and acceptable, this is it.
However, what I really didn't like was the deception.
That's why I'm dinging them down to two stars.
I booked this through expedia, and the Website clearly stated that there were no resort fees, just $45 total for two weeknights.
Okay, no resort fees.
So on check-in, I asked what the final rate would be.
"We can't tell you, because you booked this through expedia," she said.
"They don't give us any numbers."
Okay, all right.
Then upon checkout, they charge a $20.22 resort fee for two nights.
WTF?!
That brought the total for two nights up to $65.
Okay, so that's still a good rate.
But why deceive us?
This is an old hotel, and it shows.
It didn't disgust me.
The room was clean.
There were some small problems.
I had a problem with the shower when it suddenly went cold on me.
And for some reason, they don't put blankets on the beds, only sheets, and it took me a couple hours to figure out how to turn down the A/C.
Small things.
But hey, they had free wifi and all the cable I could consume.
I felt safe in the parking lot because they have some pretty strict guards making sure that everybody who comes into the lot has a room key.
So I used the El Cortez as home base to do business away from downtown.
When I did stay downtown, it was fine.
At 2 am, I saw a couple hookers, and even one walking into the hotel, but during the day, it was nice to take a stroll down the Fremont Experience, which is just a block away.
Delicious.
Found out about it from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.
It is none of those, but it was fantastic!
On the trip through Cleveland we decided to stop here.
Unfortunately, it didn't open until 5pm, so we waited four hours for dinner.
It was well worth the wait.
We sat outside on the large patio, it was a beautiful day in Cleveland (yes, it happens).
The service was very good and helpful with what to order and how large the portions are.
The machaca, coffee and ancho braised beef was amazing!!!
Also, enjoyed the goat cheese guac and chips.
The camerones (shrimp in a garlic wine sauce) was delicious.
Dessert was fried ice cream.
It was fantastic.
More than enough for two people and very satisfying.
The machaca and fried ice cream are must orders when in Cleveland.
They sent us coupons to try them out.
Printed on the coupon is their hours.
But in the one month that the coupon was valid, they changed their hours.
Now closed on Sundays.
Not happy that I drove all the way there just to find that they were closed.
Not likely to go try again.
I have no complaints about my experience with my laser hair removal package.
It was sold to me without it feeling pushy and the consultant was as knowledgeable as she was beautiful, which led to choose with confidence.
I never have to wait, am always in and out.
The women at the desk are always pleasant.
I love the convenience of texting confirmations.
Sneha is saving lives one zap at a time!
They were recommended from a friend, and I've certainly told many more.
I booked this trip through Viator.
Got a decent deal.
I initially booked the South Rim.
Later, I requested to be picked up at my hotel.
They said that they have 6 people being picked up at a nearby hotel.
I realised that WE were those six people.
THe woman at the phone seemed to be exasperated at my persistence to be picked up at our hotel.
I later found out that there were no people to be picked up at the other hotel, and the number at our hotel increased to 8 people.
I then asked for her manager who accommodated us in about 5 minutes.
When you arrive at the station, there is a guy who says that the trip to the Grand Canyon's South Rim is about 5 hours, where the trip to the West Rim is about 2.
Also, that the temperature  at the  South Rim is much colder.
So we changed to the West Rim and nearly paid 50 dollars more per person, actually paying more than the higher priced WEst Rim ticket.
However, we saw the Hoover Dam from two vantage points, got to see the WEst Rim, and got home in time for dinner!
Definitely get the West Rim!
Our bus driver was ok.  His name is Kemo.
The food here was so delicious!
I can't wait to come back!
The space itself is tiny, but worth the cramped quarters once we started eating.
The bread is great, as is the pasta.
You can tell everything is made fresh, it's just so good.
Baught my glock 19 here came with friends to the range.
Overall nice place for locals 10$ for range entrance and 13$ for 50 9mm rounds.
Think this place will become my local best spot for some shooting
The food is delicious.
Everything I've ever ordered has been amazing.
The dining lounge is large and clean and the service is good.
Found good reviews on Yelp and decided to stop in prior to a concert at Blossom.
What a great choice we made.
Sat at the bar up front and enjoyed the interaction with both the bartenders and cooks who prepare the food right in front of you.
Had the grilled oysters as appitizer (awesome must have) along with the halibut special which was off the charts.
We will be back again for sure.
The food here was ridiculous, stupid good, whatever the cool kids are saying.
Bottom line DAYUM.
My wife and I wanted to try this place simply because we watch way to much of the cooking channel, and we love Bobby Flay!
We did the dinner pairing.
My wife had the Sophie's salad and I started with the tiger prawn tamale, yum!
Main course was 16 spice chicken for my lady and I had the Ancho chilie salmon, both stellar choices!
My wife had to pass on the dessert since they pretty much brought out the largest portion of chicken ever served in a restaurant.
Being the gluten for punishment that I am I went in on the coconut cake, it was extremely decadent!
Even though we didn't have a whole lot of interaction with our server, the entire staff worked as a team which made for a pleasant dining experience.
As a hair colouring novice, I am a little apprehensive about who touches my hair.
I have been on the hunt for the perfect shade of cool ash - trying to shy away from red tones as much as possible.
But no matter what salon I visited (mainly in the Durham Region), the colour always ended up having a brassy tinge to it.
I set out to find someone who could dye my hair exactly like I wanted.
My office recently relocated to King St. E, and I looked for a salon within walking distance - finally landing on McManus and Campbell in the Distillery district.
I booked an appointment with Sharon McManus (one of the owners).
She listened to my concerns and helped me pick a cool ash tone out of a book of samples.
My hair looks amazing, and I can finally say that I am truly happy with the result!
And as an added bonus...THEY HAVE A SALON DOG.
A sweet black lab named Rita who they rescued from Mexico I believe.
She is a sweetheart who roams around the salon looking to be petted and will occasionally sit on your feet as you're getting your hair washed.
The prices are also very fair...
I have long, thick hair and after tax my full head of colour comes to $90.
Definitely worth a visit!
I ordered a brisket sandwich with mac and cheese on the side, and wasn't disappointed, but not really impressed either.
The beef was decent, with a pretty good barbecue sauce.
The mac and cheese was probably better than average.
I had a cobbler for dessert, which was also pretty decent.
Overall, I'd say this place is worth going to, but not the kind of place I'd put in my group of favorite BBQ joints.
2 servers on a Saturday night?
Place is packed and the table next to us just waited 15 more mins additional than us when we all ordered drinks at the same time.
Food took a while to come out.
Sorry Hard Rock, your service sucks.
The only reason I gave this two stars and not one, is that they have a half-decent selection of modern lighting.
But if you need to special order something, go elsewhere.
Try Living Lighting or Royal Lighting.
Retro thrift store aesthetic meets indie backroom music show stage meets alt food scene, all wrapped up in a resto-café.
I've been here just a few times and it gets just above a 'meh' rating from me.
None of the food I've had here is remarkable in any sense, though I do like very much that it's a health-conscious menu.
To qualify, I haven't had a full meal: just lattés, tacos and treats.
I tried an iced tea, which was watered down so as to not have much flavour at all, but my friend liked it fine.
She drank my iced tea and bought me a chai latté instead, which was honestly still just... meh.
My date square treat was also nothing special, taste-wise.
However, I will report that my friend's goat cheese sammie was very tasty according to her.
So, seems it's a bit hit and miss.
The music is LOUD.
The seating is eclectic but comfortable enough, and you're definitely welcome to hang out with your laptop for all eternity.
Ultimately, it wouldn't be my first pick for places to meet and chow down, but I did catch a really fantastic music show there one night, so I'd go back for another sometime.
One of THE worst pizzas I've ever had.
The cooks are really cheap when it comes to cheese (the pizza was almost all tomato sauce) because the cheese was missing.
Absolutely no taste.
I don't usually bad reviews unless earned and these ppl working here certainly earned a bad review.
Maybe the owner is a cheap person and is forcing cooks to be cheap with toppings.
Logan's has great food but very weak margaritas.
We ordered the onion tower which was delicious.
The onions were heavily coated with breading and fried perfectly.
It came with two dipping sauces.
They also bring you complimentary buns with butter, and peanuts are also on the table.
My husband got the cheeseburger with fried cheese, which he said was amazing.
It looked good.
I ordered the anything and everything salad.
I was surprised how good of quality the ingredients were.
The chicken was thick and juicy.
My sons kids cheeseburger meal was a disappointment and totally an afterthought on the restaurants part.
The hamburger was the size of a sausage patty and it came on one of the buns they serve you as an appetizer.
Lastly, I ordered a moonshine margarita and it was the weakest margarita I ever had.
I question if there was even any alcohol in it.
If it weren't for my sons meal and the margarita I would have given this place 4 stars.
Poker room is awesome!
$1 and $2 limit
And $2 and $4 limit
As well as the no limit tables of course

Tip your waitress and they will keep coming is all I can say.
My husband and I were tipping $3 for 2 drinks and she said she was letting the bartender know to make them good for these nice people

Be kind and you will have a blast in Vegas
Loved our room and for $35 can't beat the location, free parking, nice room, great restaurants
Live downtown and there isn't a lot of option for good food and coffee without all the fuss.
Found this gem.
Easy to deal with, amazing good food and reasonable prices.
Super convenient and one of a kind downtown.
My friends and I were very excited to have brunch in a nice French restaurant while in Las Vegas.
However, our experience was quite disappointing.
The 20 minute wait to be seated was completely reasonable.
But the 20 minute wait to get our order taken and then the 40 minutes it took them to prepare 2 sandwiches, a bowl of soup, and one pastry is unspeakable for such a high-end restaurant.
We were wondering what took them so long to prepare our food and then realized it was so they could turn a "medium rare" steak sandwich into an overcooked piece of wood.
We probably would have sent it back, but it would have taken another 40 minutes and we were very hungry by that point.
Our waitress did not offer much detail or information about the menu to our group, which was clearly not well-versed in French.
She was also very slow to refill our water glasses, and when she did, the water was lukewarm.
I was wondering if this was a French thing, but saw that other tables were offered pitchers of ice water.
Glad I decided to eat an egg and cheese biscuit in the Venetian food court before heading up and waiting an hour to eat a $10 cup of soup in Bouchon.
I don't think words can describe how much I love Brew Tea Bar!
What makes it even better is that it's only a couple minutes away from my house!
I literally go here every day, it's pretty embarrassing..

On my first visit, I ordered the Honey Milk Tea with honey boba and pudding, which was alright.
I also tried their caramel slushy (I don't' know exactly what it's called) but it was waaaay too sweet for me.
My boyfriend then introduced me to my favorite drink, Hokkaido Milk Tea with honey boba (also good with grass jelly) !!!
I'm so in love with this drink, you have no idea!
It's all I ever get and I refuse to drink anything else, because it's THAT good.
If you like milky drinks like I do, then I highly recommend getting the Hokkaido Milk Tea!
I recommend trying their crepes as well!
Not only is their boba perfect, but they also have excellent customer service!
I love how they are willing to adjust your drink to your liking.
I also love how the employees remember me and my boyfriend!
We come here so often that sometimes they give us a large instead of a regular drink, which is AWESOME!
This place just has really chill vibes and a friendly environment.
I don't think I'll ever go to another boba place, because this is honestly the best one we have in Vegas.
In Charlotte for one night and we needed a place to grab breakfast before we got back on the road.
This place was by the hotel and we saw it the night before so we decided to try it.
In glad we did.
The ordering can get a bit confusing, they weren't overly friendly, but not bad, and they didn't have crepes, even though it was on the menu board.
Those are my reasons for not giving 5 stars.
The pros: the blueberry cream cheese muffin was probably the best one I've ever had!
It was perfectly moist and flavorful.
I ate more of it than my son did because I couldn't help myself!
I had the quiche which was perfectly flakey and delicious

My husband got a sandwich of some sort, o don't remember what it was but he loved it.
I also got a chocolate croissant, mmmmm I could use another one right now.
I decided to hold off on writing this review until I finished my transaction elsewhere and now that it's done I can address this dealer.
The dealer was nice and seemed well kept, the people were friendly and didn't feel attacked when we pulled up.
We had an appointment with a salesman who was actually great and a pleasure to speak with until his manager got involved.
I've purchased/sold more cars than I've ever wanted to so I knew where I wanted to be with my trade in and where I wanted to be on the new purchase based on the current sales and rebates.
The manager came in about $1000 lower than where I wanted on the trade which wasn't a deal breaker until he told us the price of the new truck.
It was a few thousand higher than I had figured based on the incentives and I told him that I've already gotten better pricing in writing from other dealers but they were a little further away drive time.
He said "they're not going to honor that price but go ahead and try, you'll be back when they don't".
Let me just tell you that speaking this way to my wife and I assures we wont be back and we did end up saving almost $2000 buying elsewhere.
This likely could have been a positive experience but this managers arrogance cost him and the dealer not only the sale but any/all future service's and referrals.
Wow!
I called this company based on these positive reviews and I was not disappointed.
It was the first time in ten years of homeownership that I had to call an electrician.
Grateful I haven't needed one before, but pleased with the service!
I called on a Friday, mid afternoon.
I spoke with Andrea and let her know we were having an unknown issue with something in the pool area.
I asked for Saturday service, but she said the next two Saturdays were booked.
I was ready to scoot off the phone, but she then asked if the next hour would be a good time for the servicemen to come out.
I was stunned that they were able to come out so promptly and diagnose the issue.
It luckily turned out to be a minor issue and the cost was less than $150.00.
They didn't charge a rush fee, didn't try to upsell, got to business and got the issue resolved.
Dennis and crew were professional and efficient.
Our pool pump had been inoperable for months.
We were having out of town guests in and didn't want them to see our discolored water and stagnant pool, but problem solved.
Our guest also complimented the pool.
Yaay.
Thank you very much!
This shop combines coffee, breakfast and coffee break items and a yarn shop (which made my wife happy).
During a recent visit we enjoyed well made asparagus and ham quiches with well dressed side greens.
There were three regular and one decaf offerings from two area roasters.
Service was friendly and helpful.
This is my favorite happy hour place in all of Madison!
It can be a little pricey for dinner, but their happy hour is perfect!
They have an amazing list of their cocktails, beer, wine and their incredible seafood for insanely cheap.
It is comparable with Sardine's happy hour for their oysters, but Tempest has much more to offer than just oysters.
I would recommend trying all of their food offers.
They are each delightful in their own way.
The atmosphere is lovely- simple, elegant, transports you to a warmer climate with their ocean-esque decor.
This is truly a hidden gem in Madison.
I'm starting to really like Kohl's as much as I like J.C. Penney.
(I like J.C. Penney)
So far I just ordered over the phone EXCELLENT Customer service by Jeffery!
Can't wait till the food is here.
Another review coming soon !
I'm the newest fan of Ticoz after trying it last week for the first time.
Myself and two wonderful ladies...shout out to Dottsy Z!..hit up happy hour on a beautiful Wednesday evening.
Only happy hour turned into happy HOURS!
Things I loved: 
*the over all vibe and styling of the place.
Great decor and great hint of Spanish flair without over doing it.
*the food was excellent.
I had some chips and salsa which were pretty standard.
The tacos, although, were outstanding.
I had one chicken and one beef.
The beef was AWESOME!
I am trying to eat red meat only two times per week and I may just have to have both meals be these tacos!
*The service was great as well.
I've heard people say this place is "gay friendly".
This day and age, "friendly" anything is wonderful.
But seriously, our server/bartender was very knowledgeable, friendly, and prompt.
I can't wait to head back to dine on the patio and explore the menu more!
I only have one complaint about nami.
If you order brunch togo, they have no system to handle it and you can end up waiting in line for your pick up for about 10 minutes.
Other than that, everything is phenomenal.
Their pastries, great.
Their coffee bar, great.
The soy-namis, are a vegan blizzard alternative that are way better imo.
If you are vegan or vegetarian this is a must, and soon to be your regular spot.
Please come up with a system to continually call out for your to go people though, thanks!
Awful!
Went to AT and T bc my pictures are fuzzy and was told phone was defective- the lens.
Went to this store and although they had people swarm me anytime I looked at any product - NOBODY could see me about my phone.
Service after the sale of my six plus= zero.
This is exactly why American companies are folding.
Worship the dollar- big bucks.
The customer is last!
The atmosphere in this store is equivalent to a used car lot meets a strip bar.
Never again!
Sorry Apple- for being such a "liberal" company you love the dollar- but care little for the people unless one waves $$$$$$$$$ in the air.
Your store is a big silver pile of dung -
Worst Chinese delivery I have ever got.
Food arrived in a small bowl size for $12-$15 each.
Delivery took 45min and had no sauce or utensils.
Food was poorly seasoned and some vegetables were raw in stirfry.
Had such high expectations from all the recommendations I got to try this place.
I must say that I didn't see what the hype was all about after my visit.
We ordered the traditional breakfast and build your own omelet.
For starters, the toast was burnt and the eggs weren't cook as ordered.
The hash browns, eggs, and omelet needed some serious seasoning.
I ordered bacon and ham in my omelet, but if they were there they were masters of disguise.
The person that brought our food was helpful, but nothing to rave about.
She got us non-burnt toast, scrambled eggs, and jelly.
Nevertheless, we won't be returning anytime soon.
For the price paid I expected more, could've got better tasting food somewhere else.
This is a clean friendly establishment.
The tech did a terrific job on my gel manicure.
The price is a bit higher then what I typically pay at my regular nail salon in Queen Creek.
But, it was my choice to go here so  I paid the few dollars extra to squeeze my nails in on my lunch break.
My one complaint is the lotion they used on my hands and forearm after the manicure.
It smelled like old lady!
And don't get me wrong I love old people.
I am very close to being elderly myself.
But, I do not to want to walk around not being able to stand the smell of myself.
DO NOT let them use the lotion on you.
I had to scrub my arms and hands 5 separate times before I got the smell reduced  to where my husband could stand being in the same room with me.
Came here yesterday with a group of 5 for their 2000s R&B/Hiphop partaaay!
Great atmosphere & great music reminiscent of the good ole high school/college days :) Some friends went to their 90s R&B/Hiphop event a few months back & enjoyed it too so go check that out!
I want to come back for a flamenco show.
Anyways, my 5 stars has to do with the set-up of this place.
(Note: I've been here once before for post-dinner dinner since the fattie in me got hungry again.
Ate their chips/guac & Sonoran dog & it was good.
Get it if you like dirtydogs).
As I was saying, the set-up is nice because the outdoor area allows you to enjoy the food while having an audible conversation, but if you're curious about the live band/DJ/show or want to just vibe with the music you can sneak inside and grab a drink by the bar.
And perhaps you like what you're hearing and want to dance it off ... the dance floor is yours!
Our cover charge was $5 at the door for guys/girls ($3 if purchased online), I'm not sure if that's always the case.
I REALLY liked that they have these "bleacher seats" extended across the back wall so if you're tired from dancing or maybe you don't like to dance at all but just want to enjoy the music, you can just chill back there without having to  pay for a table or deal with all the inconveniences of a swanky club.
Big plus for all you ladies in heels who need to rest your poor little toes!
*Parking: Plenty of metered parking and lots.. use them!
I thought we snagged a great non-metered spot for free on the side street, but it was a fail & I got a parking ticket for being too close to a fire hydrant :( So watch yourself!
Amazing!
This place has the freshest tuna tataki I've ever had.
All of their appetizers I had and all the roles we ordered tasted amazing and fresh.
This is probably the only time I can say I don't have a picture to post specifically cause I ate my food too fast
$12 after tax and tip.
The sandwich was really tasty and the Dutch bread was outstanding - both crispy and chewy - but I had a sour taste in my Christhole after spending so much for a sandwich.
Had a date night with the wife recently and decided to try Momocho from a recommendation of a friend.
I saw all the reviews and decided to go with the Guacamole sampler.
We got an original, crab, and pineapple habanero as our choices.
Original was just regular old plain guac.
I wouldn't get that again.
Not with so many different choices to choose from.
Next, the crab didn't do it for me.
My wife liked it, though.
So if you don't like seafood in your guac like me skip the seafood options.
My favorite was the pinapple habanero.
Simply outstanding.
Next time I may opt for just 1 guac and some salsas.
My wife ordered the pork carnitas and I had the hanger steak.
Both meals were completely cooked to perfection and was more than enough food for dinner.
Heck, the guac was more than enough.
I ordered coffee and jalapeno bread pudding for dessert.
Coffee made with cinnamon and brown sugar?
Was amazing.
The bread pudding had the jalapeno taste without the bite.
Was also to do for.
I highly recommend it.
They tell you when you make the reservation that your experience will last about 2 hours.
That was spot on.
We didn't feel rushed.
Nor did we feel it was too slow.
We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will easily go back.
The best part was I didn't spend as much as I thought I would.
So its very reasonable.
It seems this Lenscrafters has two account, so I don't mind post on both.
Their policy(30 days adjustment guarantee) is great and the specialists are professional and nice.
However, the managers(a man and a woman) are terrible.
I deeply felt I was treated unfair and discriminated either because of my race, or because the purpose of my visit was to fix the glasses's problems.
Instead of fixing the problem of the eye glasses they provided, the male manager would prefer to spend time on getting new customers.
I went to Lenscrafters to fix a problem of my new glasses and unfortunately it was a busy day for them.
He said to me that he would recommend me to come another day because they were busy.
Before and after he said this to me, he didn't say the same words to all other customers who needed to get a new glasses or to pick up a glasses.
He quickly assigned them (many people came after me) to specialists' tables and let me wait at the shopping area for 30 minutes.
Was that because I was Asian, or because he didn't taking my request(fixing the problem of the glasses) seriously?
Both.
What the female manager only cared about was getting you out of there as quick as she can and getting more customers.
The third time I went there to pick up an adjusted glasses, the female manager assigned me to a specialist's table.
I had been waiting for 20mins at the table, which I thought it was totally ok because they were busy.
However, when a specialist finally came to me and started to help me to adjust my glasses, the female manager came to talk to the specialist right away and said "after you get this done, I want you to go to another table."
She pointed at the table where two white female customers JUST CAME 1 minute ago.
That specialist hadn't even started helping me yet and I could sense that he felt awkward, too.
He was nice and tried his best to adjust my glasses.
During this time, the female manager came twice to our table to rush him go to another table to serve the white ladies.
I ignored her and kept talking with the specialist about my glasses.
I needed to get my glasses adjusted right since that was the second time to fix this problem.
The female manager kept standing 1 meter away from our table and starring at us the whole time.
I guess to this female manager, white customers were more important, their time was more valuable and they should not be waiting for a "long" time.
Therefore she believed that she could rudely and frequently interrupt the service I was receiving and ask the specialist who was helping me to quickly get my part done and to run to help the white customers.
If this wasn't her logic, I didn't know what her logic was.
I wouldn't go to Lenscrafters again.
Terrible experience.
So as I was checking my mail I seen a flyer on the mailbox, I wasn't going to call, but 1 day I was in need of house work due to family coming in town.
I called them and they came over the same day maybe 2 hours after I requested service.
That was 2 years ago and they still clean for me, and they also clean all 4 of our family businesses.. Great company and very professional.
This "was* my go to steak house place in Vegas.
I come very often.
This is my anniversary weekend and this place just ruined it.
I asked for a certain bottle of wine per arrival....and once arriving I was told it wasn't available anymore.
They has a different bottle as an alternate.
Fine.
Once getting the bill I notice it's a good $25 more than the bottle that I usually order.
I ask then about it and (what i assume is the manager) comes over.
He asks me if I was made aware of this by our server.
I inform him I don't even know how are server was because we've have at least 4 people serve us.
Which is not the norm when we have our usual server serve us.
He informs us that hes going to ask the server if she informed us.
If she did we would be charged accordingly..if not he would fix it.
He finally came back and told us that she had informed us in which we said we would that's impossible.
End of story they weren't going to discount us a dollar and we're paying whatever they say because they said so.
I haven't even mentioned that not once did we get our wine refilled.....and we had to wait 1 hour to get our order fulfilled.
Worst experience ever.
Especially for a anniversary.
I never not come here on my visits but this could be the last time I ever come here.
I will reach out to the higher above.
This was just unacceptable for a $200 meal for 2 people
We have been there twice now.
The fish tacos are absolutely the best I've ever eaten in a restaurant, period, and I am a fan of fish tacos.
The coconut shrimp appetizer is also very good.
I gave it only four stars simply because we have only tried a couple of items.
Need to try the clam chowder (when it cools down a bit), and the fish pasta before I can give it the 100% five star rating!!!
That said, the fish taco's are a 10 STAR in my book.
Went for my birthday....we got a discounted rate ( but it's more then we usually pay).
We got to our room....first all the curtains were closed...very very dark when you walk in...the room was nice, but then we had a balcony ( with a view...she said).
There was nooooooo view....other then a view of a roof and a big wall.
I wasn't happy with it and called down to the front desk and asked to be moved.
They upgraded us to a bigger room that overlooked the pool for $ 10 more a night.
The room was HUGE and a beautiful view.
The hotel is just beautiful.
I just love the fact that you don't have all the party type people from the Strip mentality here.
It's really not that far from the Strip...if you go, but there is tons to do right near there.
We will be coming back!
Food is good, coffee is good, location is relatively easy to get to and park at...so why the 2 stars?
The service sucks a lot.
Started going to Coca a few years ago and the service staff used to be super nice.
I always expect a long wait, but they always made you feel welcome, so I didn't mind.
However, the past 3-4 times I've been there, the service has gone WAY downhill.
From the greeting to the service at the tables...wow.
2nd to last time I went I was told "1 hour" for 3 people.
Stood around outside for a bit...got cold and went inside to buy a to-go coffee (which I've always been able to do before).
Was told by one of the servers that it was "discouraged" to get coffee before we sat down, so we can go get coffee down the street...in a condescending "why are you bothering me" tone.
Um...you discourage people to buy coffee from you?
Last time I went, another 1 hr wait for 2 people.
Came back 30mins later, and wanted to see how far we were on the list.
The server snatched up the list, and said "An hour from whenever I first told you" and walked away.
Nice.
So we went to Square Cafe instead in Regent Square...just as busy, just as many people...but far nicer and actually apologized for the 20min wait time.
For fans of Basik Cafe or the Hawaiian acai bowls, this is the place to come.
Great selection, plus ability to add extra toppings.
My favorite is the North Shore bowl with added cocoa nibs and bee pollen.
Perfect for a hot day
So glad this place is close to home!
Been here a few times and I'm happy to say their food is always consistent.
You can't go wrong with their pho (I like the combination pho) and the rice dishes are good choices too.
When I'm feeling extra hungry, I'll order the fried egg rolls which always hit the spot.
Service has been great the multiple times I've been.
They also do a great job of keeping the restaurant clean.
Fantastic sandwiches, especially if you go with the legendary Dutch Crunch bread.
They also have authentic SF sourdough which is very good.
Sandwiches are huge, though quite pricey.
Service can be a bit slow if there's anyone in line ahead of you.
Be aware that all sandwiches are hot "unless otherwise noted".
Found out the hard way when ordering a ham & swiss by phone that I wanted cold - wasn't asked which way I wanted it, so hot it was.
Also had more stuff on it than I asked for.
Still quite tasty though.
Finally a good sushi place close to home.
Ordered the double rainbow roll and it was fantastic.
Well proportioned and presented.
Also had the pad Thai and the coconut soup.
Both well flavored but the soup could have been thicker.
The staff were very friendly and the space was very clean.
Will definitely visit again!
If your Open sign is on, it's twenty minutes until your posted closing time, and all the lights are on, don't look at me like I'm an idiot for wanting to place an order.
(The floors were already wet and they'd been in the process of closing for awhile judging by the bleach smell.)
Seriously, I wonder if the manager knows about shutting down a full half hour before closing.
Tower City Center
50 Public Square
Cleveland, OH 44113

If you ever find yourself in Cleveland, you cant go without visiting the Tower City Center.
This Historic land mark used to be know as the Cleveland Union Terminal and signs of its history are everywhere.
This unique center is connected to two hotels (Ritz Carlton & Renaissance) a huge casino (Horseshoe), an 11-screen movie theater, 100 shops, 6 restaurants, and  Cleveland's mass transit system.
(RTA).
They also have connected walkways to Progressive Field, and Quicken Loans Arena.
The Skylight Concourse is definitely something to see; this four story (+) tall atrium overlooks the Cuyahoga river hosting a food court and cinema.
Here you can grab some stir-fried veggies at Sakkio Japan, Bourbon Chicken at Kelly's Cajun Grill, or just a warm pretzel from Auntie Anne's while enjoying the scenery of  downtown Cleveland and Ohio City.
The holidays at Cleveland City Center is truly a sight to see.
In December they have a 40ft tall Christmas tree with larger than life hanging mechanical ornaments, Gingerbread village, and the best thing ever, the Twigbee Shop!
Here you can bring kids under 12 with their shopping list for parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts, and uncles and a volunteer helps the little ones buy gifts under $10 that are pre-wrapped.
Besides all the cool shops, you can truly just get lost in this place and enjoy the sights and sounds.
Eat, drink, shop, eat, drink, shop... How can you go wrong with that.
If all else fails, go blow your shopping money at the casino.
One of my favorite amenities at City Center is the subway.
Cleveland's RTA rumbles below the center giving you the feel a bustling metropolis.
Here you can jump the sub and go pretty much anywhere you want in the city, and the mall resembles an oldtyme train station.
Just the architecture alone draws me in, I can spend an entire day meandering the halls, people watching, sipping coffee and munching on some delicious treats.
Tower City Center is a safe, clean, and fun place to take the kids, watch a movie, or blow your paycheck, just remember to get your parking ticket validated.
The Bronze Cafe' is my favorite little gem in town!
From the chef,  the staff and food you will never be disappointed!
Everything is made Fresh with the highest quality products!
I have dined in,  taken out and catered and without fail each time was phenominal!
You will never be disappointed!
They offer GF, Veg, Vegan, Healthy and homemade.. try a sandwich or make a sandwich into a salad.. the "bizzness" is YUMMY and the vegan "cheescakes" are to die for!
Make sure you try this little cafe' that will surely become your favorite place too!
This location is convenient for meeting my husband for dinner after work.
The food is consistently good.
Service is okay.
Love the ribeye and baked potato.
Wandered in today to watch some of the Steelers game.
We ordered some spinach and artichoke dip which came out with greasy tortilla chips and was cold to lukewarm.
We asked if they could heat it up and after waiting another ten minutes we were given another batch of lukewarm dip.
I was starving so we stayed for some Mac and cheese which again was... You guessed it... Lukewarm.
Since no bartender felt compelled to check on us at any point, we let sleeping dogs lie, cashed out and left.
Will.
Never.
Return.
Food - YES!
Not much on the bar part; but the care taken for the preparation of our food today was unparalleled.
I ordered the catfish special today - panfried to excellence, the coleslaw (homemade, not outta plastic container) was extraordinary.
Also ordered were the open-face turkey sandwich and turkey sliders - reports were great on them too.
We will be back for the food for sure.
We went last night for AZ Restaurant Week...I really like the atmosphere, much bigger than I thought it would be!
We had a reservation so when we got there, it just took a few minutes, then we were seated.
I got the spicy sausage and vegetable soup, it was really good, nice and spicy!
My husband ordered the meat and cheese plate, it was fine, just average.
I'm sure if you were to custom order this, would be much better.
The entrees that we ordered were the Jambalaya and the Short Rib Stew.
The Jambalaya was a huge portion and quite tasty, spicy, smokey, delish.
We were really looking forward to the stew, we had seen it on the cover of Phoenix Magazine, kind of disappointing.
It seemed a bit bland, it if wasn't for the amazing cornbread, would not have completed the dish.
For dessert, we both had the salted caramel pudding, best dessert I have had in a long time.
I don't think I have enough descriptive words in my vocabulary to explain this....just salted enough, creamy, decadence, perfection.
All in all, a really nice meal!
my friend and I had a marvelous time at the gallery, though admittedly we didn't leave the first floor.
we got lucky because I found out that free night coincided with our very first night ever in Canada!
I really loved the room that juxtaposes the French Academy style with more progressive impressionists.
I couldn't stop staring at the big Monet landscape.
I also thought the temporary exhibition of Japanese photos from Hiroshima and Nagasaki were really special, albeit sad.
My friend particularly enjoyed the medieval stuff.
all in all, a nice mix, and a good way to spend an evening
I've totally given up on this place.
The staggeringly bad choices for Asian food around Moon / Sewickley are just all around.
Since I live nearby, I hit this place as a default setting.
Kung Pao Chicken ($11) and Shrimp Toast ($7.95).
It adds up in a hurry and by the end of the meal, you wonder, "Where did it all go?"
Or if you are feeling a little on the existential side, "Is that all there is?"
For the price, the Kung Pao Chicken tastes cheap and rubbery.
On the good side, you get plenty of this cheap and rubbery chicken.
Flavor is just meh.
A bit on the bland side sometimes.
The Shrimp Toast is OK.
Most times I have ordered this, it comes burnt.
Since it's mostly pizza places that deliver to our house, Hunan is the only non-pizza option that delivers.
If I order Kung Pao and Shrimp Toast, I easily get to the $15 minimum delivery threshold.
But, in the end, I should have just driven myself to Leetsdale or Robinson for something better.
On the upside, if you do end up eating inside the restaurant, very nice people work there.
But, the food coming out of that kitchen is just bland, bland, bland.
Great pedicures, complete with rose petals in the water, but would skip the manicures.
I like the food here.
They are not American Chinese food and really delicious.
However, the service is not good.
I ask for less spicy several times and the waiter always promise but the food is the same as before.
Another issue is that it is always full of people and you might end up sitting with strangers together.
Since the business is so good, I think they don't really care about customers.
For example, if you ask for some drinks before the meal, they always forgot and you need to push them several times.
I hope they could increase the number of tables or rent another bigger place, so I don't need to wait every time.
Hire more waiters.
Work on customer service.
We had a great dinner here last night.
From the calamari app to salad soup dessert it was wonderful.
There were 5 of us we sat in the front area.
Service was wonderful as was Brianna who made it all special.
Thank you Casbah and staff for a lovely night.
I have been going to the museum since I was little, and I've been completely spoiled by it!
I've visited many other museums but nothing can rival it, the modern art collection is superior to the Tate Modern, the antiquities selection (especially the armory) is better than the Louvre.
The CMA benefits from great editing, every room flows from one to another and every piece is beautiful and selected for a reason.
You don't have to fight through the crowds in order to see pieces, and there's a relaxed feeling- you can come and go as you please and take the time necessary to truly appreciate an amazing collection.
Okay can this shop be any cuter?!
The staff were so happy, and nice!
The cupcakes were amazing!
I had a cannoli cupcake and it was the best thing I've ever had in my life!
Cannolis are my life!!
Growing up Italian I love me some cannolis but a cupcake cannoli?!
Holy moly!
I would recommend this to all my friends and family!
I need these cupcakes when I have a wedding!!
!
This location is located right behind my office building.
We start work at 6am.
By the time Sakana opens at 1130 we are well ready for lunch.
The food is so very good, however the service and lack of regard when it is mentioned is atrocious.
If I call a business at the time they open(1130am) I would expect for someone to take the call.
Not the case with this location.
I have had the phone answered, been asked to hold, then proceed to wait 20 mins for the person never to pick the phone back up.
If you advise them of multiple orders, they still pack everything together in as few boxes as possible making it hard to separate the orders.
We call in our order due to only having 30 mins to eat.
Pre-ordered food is a blessing as it literally takes 4 mins for us to get there and pick it up.
Going in and ordering takes 25 mins just for them to prepare it, which means no time to eat.
So sad that I will now have to find another sushi spot that can be delivered because I can't spend any more lunch hours hoping they will answer the phone.
What a great little place!
They offer a 2-for-1 drink specials all day everyday with All-You-Can-Eat for Lunch and Dinner 7 Days a week, including an appetizer and dessert item!
There are literally over 100 rolls to choose from, categorized by style (Baked, Tempura, etc.)
Be careful though, anything you don't eat (unless you don't like it) they'll charge you for individually.
I suggest (as do they) ordering little-by-little and opting for half rolls, when you can.
This is to prevent people from ordering extra rolls "to-go."
My friend and I sat down about 2pm on a Saturday and the place was occupied but not packed full.
Our waitress was also very patient as we perused the menu over and over each time to decide what we wanted.
Running staff was attentive at refilling our water glasses regularly but the one odd thing was our soy sauce bottle was replaced...three times.
THREE!
The first bottle was half empty, the second 3/4 full and the 3rd completed filled.
It wasn't obtrusive to our meal, just comical.
Even without the All You Can Eat, the prices were incredibly reasonable.
It's not much for ambiance, but it looked beautiful and tasted great!
Nice little restaurant, very clean delicious food!
I Recommend to anyone that enjoy healthy and exotic food
Let me start off by saying i am a local and brought some friends from out of town here.
This is by far not only the worst IHOP I have ever been to but the absolute worst  restaurant.
We asked for one extra mozz stick so we could all have an even amount.
The waitress didn't say it would be extra just said she would see If she could get us an extra one.
When our meals came they were cold.
My hashbrowns tasted like they just chopped up a raw potato and put it on a plate.
Our waitress never came back to see how the food was and just brought the check
 When we went to the cashier she was too busy talking it up with a coworker to help us.
Her coworker said "you have a customer" and she said "oh do I?"
And continued her conversation.
When I asked her about the extra food charge she was complete bitch.
Needless to say I will not be going back.
I wouls give zero stars if I could.
My review was filtered and I guess this one will be, too.
This place has terrible, some of the worst - in a town filled with bad service, I've ever had.
And the food is not good.
Look at all the filtered reviews before eating here.
I stopped in here tonight for some buzz to keep me awake after a grueling hike today.
The staff was friendly and I was on my way quickly.
Yet another location crossed off my list of Starbucks left to visit.
Absolutely fantastic.
John was able to get a broken key out of my car and handcut a new key in minutes.
All at a very reasonable price.
I highly recommend them.
Bill
Service a little slow at peak hour, but friendly and welcoming.
Very good food.
My family enjoyed it a lot.
Tasty authentic Caribbean food.
The staff ensured a great experience.
You could tell the ingredients were fresh.
Highly recommended
Dinner at Lago was fantastic, from the setting to the service to the food and drinks.
We sat outside on a beautiful fall evening, with the sights and sounds of Cleveland's Flats gradually coming back to life.
It's a great menu, with lots to choose from.
We had the calamari (sauteed, not fried, in a delicious tomato sauce that was perfect for dipping lots of bread in) and the homemade pasta with meatballs.
It's the best of comfort food, with enough imagination and elegance to make it special.
I had a delicious easy glass of pinot noir and my boyfriend had a gin martini -- we agreed it was exactly how we like our martinis: extremely cold, with just the right balance, and awesome cheese stuffed olives.
Our only disappointment was the mushroom pizza--the crust is nothing special and the toppings were just ok. We were so happy (and full) at that point, the so-so pizza didn't faze us at all.
We'll just stick to ordering pizza at Humble in Lakewood, and come back to Lago for the pasta.
A great evening all around!
Had dinner last night there with my boyfriend !
We both had the specials which we should have shared !
So delicious we didn't ...thank you Chef Habby for amazing dishes once again !
Maria for your outstanding cream puffs & cheesecake ...
A must try in the Fountain Hills area ...
Open Tues through Sunday night !
Gasper & Maria put so much love into this restaurant & always make you feel like family !
Also great happy hour in bar area :)
Excellent Thai food.
I had the red curry with duck and my wife had the spicy noodles.
Both were great.
Very fast service too.
Definite recommend this place while downtown.
Pretty tasty!
We ordered the Pork and Shrimp Dumplings, Beef Bejing Pancake, and Beef Chow Mein.
I'm not a fan of seafood, but I did try the dumplings.
They were really "shrimpy"  which I guess is the point.
LOL.
The Beef Bejing Pancake was interesting.
It kind of looked like a burritio that was cut into slices.
The outside was crisp and the inside was very flavorful.
There was something cold inside of it.
I didn't take it apart to see what it was, but it kind of threw me off.
It wasn't bad, just different.
I still ate it.
The Beef Chow Mein was great and it was enough for me and hubby to share.
I also had Shanghi Wave (drink)?
I think that was the name of it.
Soooo good.
We will definatley be back.
The Broadstone Stetson is very helpful.
I have called multiple times asking questions regarding my new apartment, and they are always responding quickly and are happy to answer any questions I may have.
Absolutely fantastic.
It was our first visit and our server made some great recommendations.
Highly recommend the Devils Advocate as a cocktail.
The ribeye was awesome and the sushi was incredible.
Don't miss out on the sticky ribs and the duck confeit fried rice.
The service was excellent!
Try the stuffed pork chop it was amazing.
Ask for Tracy he took great care of us.
For the dessert try the chocolate caramel souffle it was delicious.
This building in the heart of the "18b" arts district in Downtown Las Vegas may be the saving of culture in the city.
This two story building situated on the corner of Charleston and main st. echo a past of Vegas as well as carving out a unique future for the art community of Las Vegas.
As the heart of First Fridays, a collective of usually 10,000 people every first Friday of the month, it serves as the standard for whats happening in Art.
There is always some controversy, and always fantastic art.
This is a must do in Vegas.
We really enjoy coming here for breakfast on the weekends!
The food is always delicious and the staff is very friendly and courteous.
HOWEVER, during our last visit, we noticed a gentleman standing around, near the hostess stand, performing the duties of the hostess.
He had such an unfriendly personality, never smiled and was not courteous at all.
This was so uncharacteristic of First Watch!
When we inquired about him, we learned his name was Tim and he was the regional manager.
We were so surprised!
We expected a manager to visit with the customers, not stand around and get in the way!
We were quite disappointed in his behaviour and demeanor.
Not really any different than most gelato places.
It's just an Italian place in Greektown.
Perhaps that's why it's attracting so many locals.
You have to try this place out if you love Mediterranean food and if you are REALLY hungry.
Yes come here really hungry because the portions are huge!
There is a small market that is attached to the small dining area.
It's not too pretty but don't let that stop you from trying out their food!
We stopped by for dinner and it was starting to get busy when we arrived.
There aren't too many tables but they were definitely doing their best to clean them as soon as people were done.
We were helped right away and menus were given to us.
They have sandwiches and a ton of entrees to pick from.
We decided to order one shish kabob, one gyro plate, and a chicken schwarma plate.
My chicken schwarma was delicious!
It came with a ton of chicken, hummus, delicious basmati rice, and a piece of pita.
My husband had the shish kabob plate and the also came with rice, grilled vegetables, and a side salad.
He also had a small guava drink for $3.50 (no refill) but it was well worth it.
Each plate was priced about $10 each.
We spent about $45 and were there about an hour.
Portions are really big and so we still had food leftover.
I would definitely be back to try the chicken schwarma in the sandwich style.
Loved this place!
I'm a Las Vegas resident and my regular sitter went MIA last minute.
I called Love & Care Sitters less than 24 hours before they were needed and a great sitter showed up the next afternoon.
Our sitter was extremely punctual and professional.
She sent me pictures throughout the afternoon to keep us updated.
The price was a little more than what we were used to, but hey, you get what you pay for and they were definitely worth it.
Will use again!
I am usually skeptical about public pools, but Cactus is always clean, well managed, and with a friendly staff!
The front desk is especially great.
The people working there were clearly trained well and are approachable enough for me to go with them for any question at all.
The locker rooms have quite a bit of space, and the showers are relatively clean (as public showers go); in the summer time, there's no better place to be.
Do recommend the pool, especially if you go for one of their fitness classes!
This was my second visit over the past year.
I confess to enjoying it more the first time although I can't for the life of me remember what I ordered.
I came for lunch again, but this time ordered a steak sandwich.
It was dull.
I guess I had it in my mind it would be something like a cheesesteak sandwich, but it was basically a thin slice of steak under-seasoned open faced on bread.
Meh.
Not sure this is worth a repeat visit.
Taco Tuesday!?
Los Taquitos is my favorite Ahwatukee Taco Tuesday joint.
Whether taking out or dining in, you head to the register to order and pay.
The line can get long sometimes, but it is worth the wait.
However, I typically call my order in a head of time to try saving some time.
Depending on my mood, I enjoy their burritos and tacos.
Their fish tacos and pollo tacos are my favorite!
At the counter, they have a few different salsas to add some additional flavor to your meal.
I guess Guy Fieri had an episode of DDD here!
What a hilarious situation.
My friend from Belgium won $100 gift card for Gus about 2 years ago and he's been traveling the world with it in case he made it back to Montreal.
Last week we both ended up in Montreal at the same time and we're able to use the beat up voucher.
The meal did not disappoint and the restaurant was charming along with the staff.
We ordered the surf and turf for two for $79 and that alone would have been enough food for us.
The scallops were great.
The shrimp was great.
The meat was great.
A little thick on the sauce for me but my friends loved it.
We also ordered the horse tartare which I wasn't crazy about and the Caesar salad with caviar on top.
Now that was a delicious salad and there was such a large portion of caviar.
We didn't save room for dessert but somehow we ended up with a piece of blueberry cheesecake in front of us and it was one of the best pieces of Cheesecake I've ever had.
Very light and a blueberries were a special variety from Canada.
Overall a fantastic dining experience.
I recommend sitting at the bar and being part of the open kitchen.
Thanks to all the staff at Gus for a great last night in Montreal!
Good Folks
Good Food
Great Place to Eat and Meet Friends

Breakfast is Great.
Try their Steak & Eggs.
Steak is very tender and flavorful.
The fried chicken is perfect- very crispy and the flavor of the coating is great.
The bbq sauce on the side is just the right amount of sweet.
The collard greens and mac and cheese that came with my dish (the "Late Night") were awesome as well.
The pre-meal biscuits with jam and rosemary butter was 10/10.
I really enjoyed being in a restaurant where the music also isn't loud and you don't have to shout over one another to have a conversation.
Friendly and timely service to top it off.
Overall, an excellent place, highly recommend!
Coffee is coffee and I love coffee.
This place is super cute, warm, inviting and spacious.
Just like an other coffee shop around.
Lots of varieties of drinks and treats to pick from.
After eating at this place for many years I was disappointed at the higher prices after the remodel.
I liked the old place more and wasn't too thrilled with the change of market they want.
Sorry guys but $23 for a pasta dish puts you on par with some of the pricier Italian places.
Rigatonys down the road is just as good for half the price.
I've had hit or miss with this location, and Panda Express in general.
Sometimes the food is soggy, burnt, or just old.
They are also stingy when it comes to portions.
You'll get a lot of rice but not a comparable amount of entree.
However, more often than not I have a good experience.
I usually order fried rice, orange chicken, and sweet fire chicken breast with a water cup!
The restaurant itself is very nice and modern.
I often have seen corporate representatives at this location so it must either need help or is just a special location.
It's usually clean with nice seating, however when it's busy the seating can be limited.
I had a really nice lunch here today - their sandwiches are delicious!
The restaurant was pretty quiet for the noon hour, and I would have liked to see some meal-sized salads on their lunch menu, rather than just sandwiches.
I had the chicken salad sandwich and it was a good portion.
I would definitely come back!
I attend these every year and wouldn't go a year without going.
We went 4 of us this time and had a fun time again.
Tons of food choices
Tons of booze choices 
Tons of dessert options
Lots of hot sauces available for sale

SO Many options!
BEST food this year was:
Hawaii's restaurant - Beef ribs over rice with crispy onion OMG!!!!
This is the only business card I took as I would order catering for sure from them.
Lawaia Poke Bar - www.lawaiapoke.com 

Sorry I don't remember the restaurant names that I will mention below.
Best dessert was the Lemon Rum cupcakes and the Pineapple rum cupcakes!
Indian food not so good so don't waste your time trying it.
Jerk chicken was ok.
Filipino food was delicious but terrible service.
Too much staff "working" there and not enough helping hands.
The spicy pickled asparagus and olives were amazing!
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND for you, your love, your friends and family to go.
Something for everyone!
All these people care about is getting paid.
This is not a review by someone who has only been there once.
I have taken 2 dogs and a cat there for years and spent thousands of dollars.
They are condescending and do not communicate with each other.
They are not good at checking previous history of our visits.
I am glad others have had a positive experience but every time I go in there it makes me cringe inside.
My wife did not share my opinion and that is why we continued to go there.
After today's visit where they were rude to her and accused her of being a bad pet owner she finally agrees with me.
We will be switching vets and would not recommend this place to anyone
What can I say, these guys did an incredible job!
I've been let down by a lot of carpet cleaning companies in the past.
Fortunately, that's not the case with Noble.
They showed up on time, were very respectful when doing the walk through and made my carpets and tile look brand new!
They're also veteran owed and operated which you can definitely their work.
Give these guys a shot, you won't be disappointed!
NEW LOCATION.
The original Miele's was in Tempe but recently moved to Mesa.
(I didn't realize that when I called in my order so ended up going to the wrong location at first.)
The Miele's that is still operating in the Tempe location is a totally different restaurant, not affiliated with the original.
A bit confusing to customers?
Indeed.
And I don't think it's right for the fake Miele's to be piggybacking on the original Miele's reputation and essentially stealing its customers.
But I digress.
The REAL Miele's, now in Mesa, still has the same menu and lunch bargains that I have enjoyed for years, and they apologized profusely and genuinely for the location confusion.
I loooove their garlic knots, lasagna, salad, and house dressing.
Miele's in Mesa...I'll be back!
Lunched it here today.
Burgers are are good... eh... better than good.
The meat is certainly a couple notches up from say, In & Out.
Which I like.
The bun is high quality as well.
I ordered the Green Chile Burger.
I was very happy with it.
My family both go Cheese burgers and they loved them.
I was surprised by the Fries... they are not up to the standards of the other food.
Bland.
The service was good and the staff was friendly.
Not sure how long it's been here, but Yelp brought me today.
Constructive criticism?
Slightly up the scheme, change the colors and bring in some more images etc... for the walls.
Up the menu look and feel and brand it!
Parting shot?
You already have the hard part down... good food!
I should have learned my lesson last time I was here for brunch when I had a bad experience with both the service and food...however, I thought it was just an off day, so when they advertised for their Doubleback wine dinner I just couldn't resist.
Service was non-existent, the food was not good and the entire event seemed like it had been thrown together at the last minute - very disorganized.
Such a shame the way this place has gone downhill.
Good food - Great atmosphere!
Service will depend mostly on where you sit - They have a nice covered outdoor seating, if you're out with a group of friends - The bar area is pretty neat with lounge seating facing the bar.
Try the Short Rib Ravioli
Sales-Adora Fryant I have now bought or leased 6 cars from this dealership, all from Adora.
My most recent experience was unplanned as my car was totaled in a rear end collision.
The first thing Adora did when she heard was offer any assistance she could that was NON sales related.
She was genuinely concerned for my well being as a friend which was highly appreciated.
She knows her product and does the best job of getting to know you, the customer.
There is never a sales pitch.
She's honest and thorough and will work her tail off to get you the best price possible.
Trust me as I have never been one to pay a penny more than I have to.
Patience, integrity, and incredibly thorough answering any and all questions.
Excellent follow up after the purchase.
We really had a good week here recently!
We arrived in town early on a Sunday, checked in (surprisingly short line!
), but rooms were not ready yet as they had had a busy weekend.
No problem, we checked our luggage and went to get something to eat.
We checked back in at the desk and were given our rooms (we always upgrade to GO Rooms), and shortly after that our luggage was brought up to us!
The staff was very friendly and helpful.
Our rooms were very nice, cleaned daily and always while we were out.
I loved our view, best we've ever had in countless trips to Vegas.
The bed was very comfy.
We even had a fridge in our room!
There are plenty of elevators in this hotel and you can use different ones to get quicker access to different parts of the hotel/casino.
We loved meeting for breakfast on the patio in the gardens where we would sit with a muffin and coffee and plan our day.
The pool was nice too.
We did not get a car due to traveling with a group this time so it was nice to be so centrally located with access to everything we wanted to do.
We tried the new Carlos N Charlies' restaurant and it was good.
We also like the food court, very handy with plenty of options.
Our only complaint was with the restaurant, while the food & service were pretty good the problem was when it was time to leave we had to wait in a long line to pay our bill!
They could have used a few more staff people to expedite this process.
Good flavorable chicken at Mr Pollo!
The lunch special includes a bowl of soup, the sides are small.
Two plantains and side salad, the bleu cheese is good, it blended well with a spicy sauce they brought to the table.
The grilled beef steak is tasty but a tad chewy.
Chicken is the way to go.
The drinks are 2$, refills at the station, the order is taken at the counter and a friendly staff member brings your order to the table with a smile.
Small, clean spot in the plaza.
Very nice and clean location with plenty of parking.
Employees were friendly but the wait was kinda long.
We will use them again because of how good they did and how well we were treated.
Even my 5 year old got a mani pedi for the first time!
If you are not here by 9 am or so, expect a wait.
Even the call ahead for a large group was futile.
We still had to wait 30 minutes.
Definitely try the Wolfpack if you are watching your figure, Your figure expand!!
This thing is awesome!
The brioche french toast is delish as is the Hopple Popple and the Over Easy...i think that is what it is called with brioche, spinach and poached egg.
Sometimes things come out in pieces like sides first, then entrees or vice versa.
Patio seating nice too.
My dad and I went to deluca's for breakfast while we were in Pittsburgh.
We had heard that deluca's was very good, we also heard that it was always hard to get a seat.
When we got there the line was just coming outside the door a little so we didn't expect much of a wait, but when we got there their was no wait.
We were seated almost immediately at the front counter.
I got the banana split hot cakes while my dad had the Pittsburg slam.
My food was delicious, my dad also enjoyed his meal.
The only thing that I could see as a problem is that a party of 3 or more would have to wait a while for seating.
The service bumps this take out sushi place from a two to three stars.
The service is quick and friendly, however the food is pricey for the quality.
Ordered three rolls including the beef roll, inwhich the beef was too chewy and dry to enjoy, had to force it down.
The spicy salmon and tempura roll were tolerable, maybe it was too close to end of day though.
I don't know why I bother.
After a log day at the park and really no urge to cook I figured why not and have some fast food.
Being vegetarian really the only place to go is Burger King.
When ordering my childrens meals I specifically asked for no pickles and no mustard and not to any surprise when we got home of course there was pickles and mustard.
For my vegetarian sandwich I asked for mayo (which they charged me .75 for) and yup that wasn't on there either.
The person taking our order must have been doing something else brig the fact that I had to repeat myself 6 times and then drive thru girl well let's just say her attitude wasn't any better.
No smile, no hello, and no here's your food.
Needles to say I've been staying away from fast food for a reason and Burger King you pretty much proved my point.
First time here and won't be the last.
Food and service was great.
Definitely recommend if you're in the mood for Cajun
Worst Sprint store in town.
Their staff are theives and the managers cover up for them.
I'm currently disputing  fraudulent charges from this store.
No one wants to take responsibility and I'm out 500$ 

Horrible customer service and untrained staff.
I proved one of their sales people stole from me and threw manager did nothing!
I'm also reporting this store to the BBB.
DO NOT GO HERE!
What a cluster fuck parking!
ZEROstars....
They need a better system on how to handle the crowd of cars.
Been sitting in my car for an 1 1/2 hr waiting to be directed to where to park!
So glad i got to watch the concert better yet so happy i got to listen from the outside!
Great selection of Four Peaks brews along with guest ones.
The pumpkin porter was excellent.
I'm not a great fan of beer, but this one I finished.
The quesadilla was crisp and not soggy.
Try it with chicken.
My dining partner had the salmon BLT and it was very good.
Huge place with friendly staff and a fine variety of beers.
Found this restaurant through Yelp.
Really good catfish and excellent service.
Must try!
Been meaning to write this for few weeks.
This is the real deal barber shop.
Stop in and forget about it!
I had many comments that it was the best cut I've had in quite some time.
Old school barbers laying the barber law... Take notes amateurs!!
Neal thank you!
This place reminds me of my grandmas cooking when I go visit her in Mexico.
Cheep prices for great food.
There is little shops around so you can go shopping around once your done with your meal.
Restrooms are kept clean, tables and chairs are always clean.
The employees are amazing and sweet to all.
This place is the place to go if you want real Mexican food in chandler!
!
Small place with cheap food and cheap drinks- so don't come here with high expectations.
Known for footlong hot dogs.
No frills ambiance.
If you're on a budget, come here.
Again, don't expect much.
I was hungry for a sandwich and it was a lunch rush so I understand that you won't get the highest customer service and they try to crank people through.
I got the club which was okay the bread was dry, but I can only give them two stars because when I got to the veggie section of the ordering process the sandwich wizard started just throwing things on it, luckily I noticed it was mine and I had to speak up and he grabbed the things off the sandwich which I didn't want.... always love when they just grab them off.
Then the real reason I cannot give them a positive review was the manager told the man in front of me he could not get a cup for water..... and told him he would have to buy a water bottle..... come on now.... how cheap are we getting that someone can't get a glass of water with their average sandwich.
I have used Oasis Springs for several projects and each time they have been reasonably priced, arrive on time each day of the project, communicate with me if any delays are expected.
Best of all they complete the project correctly and completely.
I highly recommend them for all your contracting needs.
I cannot say enough good things about this place!
Not only is the location awesome, but the service and food is impeccable.
You feel as if you are in a hip downtown city like LA, NYE, or Seattle.
The cacio e Pepe pasta is my favorite.
We will be back as much as possible.
I stay at Caesar's a lot and never went here before, so I tried it out.
Big portions.
Hella expensive.
Mediocre food.
Alright service.
Not coming back here again, so many other places to go then here.
Plus my waiter was kinda judgmental.
Must've thought there was no way someone so young could afford all that I ordered.
Was happy to prove him wrong.
Two stars for the fake nice treatment
Charburger was about a pound, it was huge and delicious!
Ice Cream Shakes were great too.
This was not a good experience for my family and I we love enceladas they said they have the best??
Well the meat was on The outside of the tortilla??
Just did not like that one bit l. Will will pass others can eat hear??
Food was ok just not what we were expecting?
?
First off, I'd give this place a solid 2.5, but since there's no option for half stars...3 will do.
Just because I feel generous.
Service: okay.
When we walked in, a guy behind the counter just stared blankly at us and asked if it was dine-in and handed us menus and told us to sit where ever, so ok cool.
It took about 10 minutes before the same guy came to us to approach us and ask for drink orders, and by this time, 2 other tables have sat.
He was the only apparent server so I was trying to cut him slack (I work in the restaurant biz), but if you were the one who handed us menus and serve us...10 minutes is a stretch.
He let my drink go empty twice, but partially my fault--I was thirsty.
Didn't really come by and check if we needed anything, we eventually got what we needed ourselves by reaching onto the server's counter (sorry).
There were about 5 tables in there around the time we went (6pm-6:30pm), so it wasn't that busy...service could've been better in my opinion.
Food and Pricing: I ordered a medium bowl of pho dac biet, probably the most common pho in any pho restaurant.
The portion was SMALLER than most pho restaurants I've been to, and more expensive than the other pho restaurants I've been to.
It was about 10$ for a medium, and in my opinion, was NOT worth it.
The broth is more on the bland side, so season well with the condiments.
Probably about 6 pieces of meat in there max, so if you like a large portion of meat in your pho, don't eat here.
I also ordered an order of spring rolls.
They were eh, okay.
They're small also compared to other restaurants, and of course, cost a little bit more than other restaurants.
Overall: It was a whim coming in here, I probably won't be back because I live in Charlotte and was just in the area.
If I was from the area, I'd probably try somewhere else also.
The portion of the food just didn't match the price, you can find better pho elsewhere.
Even if that means driving a little further.
The service wasn't spectacular either to make up for the food.
Pretty much to sum it up, mediocre.
I'd recommend eating elsewhere!
yea i have to say this was not quite gelato, but an ice cream?
either way, it was cute and portion size was cool.
cinnamon was delicioso!
Ohh, Las Vegas.
"Kid-friendly" doesn't generally come to mind when you think of Sin City, but clearly that moniker was developed before the brand new My Gym Children's Fitness Center  came to town!
The new gym is in Henderson near Whole Foods...(The old one, btw, is closed and this new one is under different ownership/management!)
The facility itself is so fresh and so clean... My young daughter can run around barefoot and not walk away with black soles on her feet or grime on her hands, and it's the only children's facility I've been where they use only organic, natural products to clean their equipment (and it doesn't smell hippy dippy).
In addition to a safe, clean place to play, the program is FANTASTIC.
The teachers, Jeremy and Ben, pack so much into an hour...!
It's definitely not a free-play sort of place (you should expect to do everything with your child if they're under 3), but I wouldn't *want* it to be; we love singing and dancing together at circle time, trying out the different tumbling skills, and climbing together on equipment together.
I feel like a little kid again, haha.
Best of all, they offer free trial classes.
I definitely plan on coming back with a friend or two so we can take class together.
:)
Work in the Phoenix area my co-worker was feeling like chinese food and I found this place by accident.
The food is really flavorful and good.
The customer service was amazing and the wait time and delivery were way faster than projected.
Delicious food just visiting the area for work and found this great vegan friendly place.
That would be nice if they made their way out to Maryland/D.C.
It was a truly unfortunate situation, I was visitng with my sister (she resides in beachwood)  and my 2  children- ages 22 mo and 4.
We were literally thrown out of the store because the kids were touching the toy cars in the plastic bins..
It was UNBELIEVABLE !
They threatened to call security.
We were flabberghasted, AS adults, we were simply standing there, toys in hand waiting to purchase our items.
Prior to this, the "salespeople" were following others in the store while :"rearranging afte each customer had moved an item.
even slightly.
It was CRAZY, totally inappropropriate and RUDE especially in a TOY store.
This place will be out of business within a year.
NICE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
In this economy, I wonder how they will survive, as nobody (the day after thanksgiving) was buying anything).
TERRIBLE STORE CUSTOMER SERVICE- DONT SHOP HERE!!
!
Great family place.
Decent food at a great price.
Also huge quantities so bring an apetitie or a box.
Seems like mostly a locals place, which is fine since I don't like the "tourist" destination.
Several said locals perched on bar stools and looked like they haven't moved for years.
Game was on the tv, but volume was reasonable.
FINALLY... REAL POUTINE IN AZ!!!!!!
I tried poutine in Canada and fell in love with it but haven't had authentic, delicious poutine since coming back to Az.
Food is great, service was fast and friendly and the place is REALLY, REALLY cool inside.
Big fan...
I'll be back!
Went here after seeing a positive review in Phoenix magazine.
Did not disappoint !
We had the chorizo and black bean queso - seriously, possibly the best appetizer I have ever had.
We both ordered rather eccentric sounding main dishes.
I actually was presented a different meal than I had asked for, but when I tried it, it didn't matter!
Everything about this place is great - the indoor seating area is small but great furniture and chandelier gallery.
The outdoor area is nice too.
Staff friendly and timely.
Definitely coming back again.
Some people have difficulty grasping the concept of Planet Fitness.
It's just high quality fitness equipment geared at getting you in shape.
No glitzy smoothie bars or aerobics classes for ladies to get all dressed up trying not to sweat.
The attendants are pleasant and readily answer questions.
The Lunk Alarm can be a little irritating but you overlook that after awhile.
Keep doing what you do Planet Fitness because I'm a fan!
Really yummy sushi.
We've been twice now and only orders off the regular menu.
The sushi is really good and their special roll deal makes it super reasonably priced.
The atmosphere is nice and relaxing and overall enjoyable.
We have liked everything we've ordered and this will probably be our sushi spot from now on.
We were very pleasantly surprised with the care and service that we received at Express Auto Spot.
My daughter needed to buy a new car, Jason was more than helpful, mannerly, and truly cared about the entire transaction.
He explained everything, and answered my daughters millions of questions.
After all was said and done, it was a very fair price for a car and he made sure we were completely happy before we left there.
I would recommend going there if you want a no pressure, fair, car sales experience.
It was a pleasure and what's more, the car lot is indoors, that means no AZ heat!
Thank you Jason, this was great!
!
Ordered lunch using Foodora.
I ordered the Chick'n Pot Pie with a market salad on a side, and a Banana Chocolate Chip Sour Cream Cake.
Overall, I was pleased with my order.
This is a restaurant I'd try again.
I gave 4/5 stars for the great pot pie.
I wish the price was cheaper though but it's understandable since most vegan restaurants have this price point.
See details on the food below!
Chick'n Pot Pie = 4/5 
I really enjoyed this one.
When it arrived, it was a bit warm, which is expected since it was delivery.
I bet if I had this in the restaurant it would have been hot, comforting, and perfect.
It had potatoes, sweet potatoes, carrots, red bell pepper, beans, peas, and a nice crust.
I wish it had more chick'n though.
The salad had spinach, shredded beets, red bell pepper, tomatoes, cucumbers, and balsamic vinaigrette.
It was definitely filling and I'd order it again.
Banana Chocolate Chip Sour Cream Cake = 2.5/5
This was a fancier banana bread.
The size reminds me of those school safe banana bread snacks you can get from Costco.
It basically tastes like that - sweet.
I was disappointed with this one since I found it pricey for what reminded me of a school snack.
I thought it would be a slice of cake, but it looks just like that snack.
I wouldn't repurchase this again.
Definitely try a different dessert.
In Las Vegas and this is by far my worst shuttle experience.
We waited almost an hour for our shuttle to come!
Then when it comes time to load up and head out, the driver takes his precious time counting and collecting luggages.
He had us wait outside, which was absolutely ridiculous when he could've simply opened the door to let us sit in there and wait for him to check us in.
Not only was it already HOT, but now we also had major hot air blowing at us from under his bus!
He checked us on the bus one by one, again, taking his precious time!
I can go on, but I'm already too pissed off so in short, we were the last ones dropped off and the "dropping off" of people was not efficient AT ALL!!
It was RIDICULOUS!
!
I've been a member for almost 1 year now and feel comfortable leaving a review of the services.
The facility itself is very professional, simple and well decorated.
The rooms are very calming, clean and quiet.
The therapists themselves are very varied in their techniques and skill levels.
I have tried 5 different therapists before finally finding one who is AMAZING.
The first therapist I had was TERRIBLE and I felt like i wasted my money.
The good thing about this facility is that there are many therapists on staff so if you don't like one you then you can try another.
The other therapists were good for first timers or clients looking for a non-aggressive relaxing massage.
I enjoy high pressure deep tissue massages and I finally found an amazing therapist who I exclusively book appointments with.
I had a couple of negative experiences where I got 2 eye stys immediately after my massage.
I noticed on both occasions that there was residue black eye makeup on the face towel where I lay my head.
I don't know if the face towel was reused but I also understand that mascara and eyeliner don't wash out of white towels so I just assumed that the towels were fresh at the time.
I also did not request to have them changed because I didn't want to be rude so that was my mistake and I can't prove that the towels were reused so I won't fault them for that.
In summary, if you have signed up for a membership then take the time to really try different therapists and find the one that is right for you.
The staff are very polite and professional.
The value is great if you go for regular massages but only if you have a great therapist.
Absolutely delicious!
This was my first time here (or having a poke bowl in general) and it's similar to like a chipotle or subway where you tell them what you want in your bowl.
My friend had the sushi burrito and it looked amazing.
Fresh ingredients and quality tasting fish.
I devoured my bowl and I'll definitely be back.
Also the place is very clean and has modern interior design which is pleasing to the eye.
If you're hesitant about coming here or even trying poke, don't be.
Great service station that knows what they are doing but try to sell you things and then note it on your service record in your account for the next time, whenever you decline.
Case in point, I've been here a handful of times, (and have also done some preventive maintenance myself), and they've changed my oil.
All the while the person is changing your oil, they pull other parts out of the car (air filter, etc) and ask that you get them replaced, even if they've been replaced somewhere else.
When I told them I got the part fixed before, they asked "where" in an almost confronting manner, as if they never believed it was done.
Some of the service was done by them only months prior, and they acted as if they couldn't find it within their computers.
Shouldn't be that hard, if whenever I decline their service that they offer me besides the oil change, they remind me the next time that I declined them the last time.
I argued with the last serviceman the last time I took my jeep in for a good 15 minutes about transmission flushes.
Stick to your guns while going here.
If all you need is an oil+filter change, tell them that when you go there.
Tell them that you are not interested in anything else, or that you do other maintenance measures yourself.
Oil changes don't cost much, but when the salesy pitch is pulled out, you may end up spending an upwards of 300$ on something you don't really need!
Nice Italian food with good prices and generous portions.
Whats not to like?
I love fast food....I really do.
And this is my favorite chicken finger place...hands down.
They do it right.
This Raising Canes restaurant is clean and the staff is nice.
They are helpful and efficient.
If you are unsure what to get, they are quick to answer questions too.
So....not a ton of variety at this place.....just get what everyone else is getting...chicken fingers with cole slaw and texas toast.
The chicken fingers are amazing!
Crunchy on the outside and tender-soft on the inside.
I can eat many of these....many.
The texas toast and the cole slaw are very good as well.
I always order an arnold palmer because they have good sweet tea and lemonade....it's such a good combination.
Next time your in Vegas try it, you won't regret it!
Love this new location!
Has all the charm of the NODA location, just a lot more spacious with lots of seating and a nice long bar.
There are three (I think) lines.
If you're ordering dessert, make sure you get in the line closest to the pastries.
All the servers were super friendly and smiley.
Even though it was crowded, our order came out quickly.
I've only been to this new location once but I had a great experience.
Great addition to Uptown.
Been here several times.
Brunch was unimpressive, lunch was solid, happy hour is  great and dinner was down right delicious.
Also the cocktails are made with care, premium ingredients and creativity.
I'd highly recommend the "lawless" whiskey and tobacco bitters and served in a glass full of vanilla tobacco smoke.
I would also highly recommend the risotto croquettes, short ribs and deviled eggs.
A few reviews claim this place is expensive, if your worried about that, trot on over to the tilted quilt next door or chipotle across the street.
Today my boyfriend and I stopped by to buy some dog food.
I usually just get a big bag of Pedigree at Walmart, but I decided to explore other options.
As we were looking at the different bags, Wesley one of the employees, offered to help us.
This guys has vast knowledge about all the dog food brands the store carries.
I was really impressed, especially when he asked about my dogs in order to give the best recommendations on dogs food.
Once we got our bag picked out, he also informed us about how to go through the process of changing out the dog food since Pedigree is all my dogs have ever eaten.
When I asked how he learned so much about dog food he said he's been working at Wag N Wash for 5 years.
To me this is a plus because you wouldn't go through the effort of learning so much for a job you don't enjoy.
Also, this tell me he does like his job and he's willing to learn to help the customers.
Delicious small bite tacos, amazing salads with so much flavor and the drinks are spot on.
We would highly recommend!
Hidey ho!
Hot dogs and wet fries.
By wet, I mean with gravy.
If you're in Pittsburgh, you already knew that.
Just had a wonderful experience at T & M Automotive today.
The staff was courteous and friendly.
I needed brake fluid today and would not hesitate to return to them for any unforeseen automotive problems when in Vegas.
I might also add the bathroom was very clean which I appreciated.
Being an out of Towner anywhere, it's always a scary feeling when something is wrong with your car.
The numerous positive reviews encouraged me to go to T & M and I'm glad I did!
The best thing about this restaurant is their pizza.
Even though it's "raw" it's still really tasty and filling.
The BLT is pretty good too, but messy to eat--definitely not a good first date food.
I think you have to keep an open mind when you go to places like this, because the rawness makes it harder to fool your average carnivore.
I've seen children at nearby tables take one bite, make a face and push the plate away, whereas in places where they cook the vegan food kids will have no idea that they're not eating chicken fingers or whatever the item is.
The service here is slow.
And when I say slow I mean I aged considerably while waiting for my food.
I wish I could say this only happened once, but it's happened every time I've been there.
I think it's because they make everything from scratch and there are only one or two people working in the restaurant at all times.
If you have three or four tables, you do the math.
It isn't pretty.
I'm happy to have this place open as an option, but it does not get my highest recommendation.
Come on, Safeway.
You are pretty much the only game in town for downtown right now.
You would think your corporate office would recognize this and remodel and class this place up a bit.
You have people who have money to spend living all over downtown Phoenix now.
The store needs to clean up its act, improve its customer service and cater to a new demographic emerging downtown.
If I had a new better choice downtown, I would never step back in this rundown location.
Recommended by a local and co-worker.
"Don't let the wait scare you" she said.
Apprehensive by her comment, I rolled in solo at noon on a Wednesday.
I was seated immediately.
The wait staff speaks in French and English.
They were overly  nice and accommodating.
I ordered the Soupe de jour -yummy culinary concoction with sausage AND "the Cubain".
A hot toasted flat bread with sliced seasoned pork, perfectly selected melted cheese and pickled mayonnaise.
Delicious beyond delicious.
Bon appetit!
This place is so small and business is run by dumb ass illegal mf horrible prices better off saving gas and time in the sun to just go but part new never goin there again
Riddle Room is easily my favourite board game cafe in Toronto.
They have a wall full of board games and the staff there are really engaging and teach you through them.
It's relatively cheap as they only require you to purchase a drink and you can stay however long you like.
They also have video console games!
I've tried one of their escape rooms before, and the experience was definitely worth the price I paid.
I believe there are 5 in total and I will have to come back and try them all.
This Registration is so scam the people.. for advanced road test to came here..
I was in lineup and didn't know to line separate for road test line.
guy don't want to give me appointment and have rebooked again mean pay again $150.
No any negotiations.. Indian guy was so harsh with me too.. n lost $300 huh... they were so bad service and kind so fishy.. no deserve to one star either.
After a long day of shopping at the waterfront, I discovered Honest John's nearby and decided to check it out.
Homestead is really getting some awesome places to draw in a crowd!
I loved the atmosphere here.
Clean, rustic, with an awesome bar.
The menu is not overwhelming, but there is certainly something for everyone.
I tried the lettuces salad with grilled chicken that was incredible and my friend had the grilled chicken sandwich and she raved about that as well.
I felt that the food was slightly overpriced ($15 for a salad..) but I enjoyed the experience greatly.
Very mediocre.
There's barely any service.
The grill just go burnt and nobody offers to change them.
The meat doesn't seem super fresh but they are OK.
There's nothing Korean about it.
The taste is ok.
My half tried their mahi-mahi, it wasn't to his appeal.
The jerk chicken is so good.
If u want pho there are better one out there for that price.
If u want pho there are better one out there for that price.
I had the special, the beef and the beef ball taste a little funny.
Maybe the happy hours are great like some of the other reviewers said but if you want pho I have to say go elsewhere.
Ordered online at 5:45pm to have our food delivered...still had not received it by 9:45pm.
Went back another day  to pick up a to go order.. waited an additional hour and a half in restaurant.. food was alright, will try again in a few months when they get their system down.
Great lunch specials!!
Great margaritas!
Bar service was wonderful & friendly....cant wait to come back!
Luv AZ
From NYC, so after a long day of walking.
My BF and I decided to rest, drink, and eat at this pub.
Honestly, there is nothing to complain about the service was on point, the pub was clean and had a rustic European look to it, and the drinks were reasonable size and price (they have HH from 4-7).
The food was actually fresh and super good for pub food.
Vegetable Gyoza had a very unique taste to it, the peanut sauce was a little spicy and thick, which I was dipping my fries into it.
Dragon Wings are a must to get, these wings were spicy and a good portion, the meat was super tender and not over, which they'll make your mouth water.
For those that do not eat meat, I highly suggest trying the Marinated Olive, Hummus and Taramasalata Plate.
It was super good and flavorful.
You will not be disappointed stopping into this spot.
Do not waste time and your money.
They done less shot laser each time because they want to charge you extra for more treatments time.
First time they used soprano(Alma) it works with heating the second time they used another laser instrument that work by shot,so how can get a good result in this way???
?
Came here because I wasnt feeling well.
The admin was sympathetic and waited to charge my co pay until after I had seen the doctor.
I was seen within 10 minutes by the nurse.
About another 10 minutes or so later I was seen by the Doctor.
What a lovely, caring woman.
She was honest and stated what she assumed the issue was but said because they didnt have the proper equipment (Cat-Scan) to check me and know for sure that I should go the ER.
She waived my co-pay and I took her advise and went straight to Summerlin hospital.
Thank you for your honesty, attentiveness and kindness.
You are appreciated.
Fav HK diner for dinner in my books.
Usually I brace myself for disappointment at HK diners because they're not known for their service or their quality of food, but this one made me question if I was dreaming.
Service was very fast and staff are friendly.
They close at 10 and we were staying because the show on their tv ends at 10.
We hurried to get our bill but they were like, that's ok the show isn't over, feel free to stay.
Like how nice is that!
Dishes came promptly too, meaning that the dishes were hot when they arrived.
Yay!
Decor is... Well, let's just say this isn't a place you'd want to set a candle lit dinner.
But I mean it's a HK diner so what were y'all expecting?
OKAY SO THE FOOD.
Cheap, and big portions!
I love that they have enough toppings for my udon.
Actually, they gave a lot and I'm so glad.
Their fish in cream sauce on rice was great and very cheesy.
My fav!
Also, their pork and chicken chop with garlic sauce on rice qas great too.
The sauce wasn't too strong.
It was aromatic and delicious.
But lemme tell you about the satay chicken udon I had.
Oh my goodness.
So many toppings and they had strips of green and red pepper to help complicate the taste.
The noodles weren't oily.
You could actually taste the gusto the chef put in when he was cooking this delectable dish in his wok.
Oh my gosh.
Definite 5/5.
And then!
We had free dessert!
It was my fav.
I have to say, this is a very unique recipe of coconut sago and I love it.
This coconut sago has taro chunks and egg.
The egg was the truly unique bit because it actually made the dessert feel smoother and it made the whole thing more aromatic.
Usually I despise taro with every fibre of my being but not today!
My mom even said this may be the only time I did not puke at taro.
My dinner was $9.50, came with a hot drink (I chose lemon water), a soup (I chose cream of veg but they also have Chinese soup), and if you're lucky, a dessert.
What a deal, especially with the amount of food i got!
If you're a skeptic of HK diners like I am, please come to this place for dinner.
It will change your mind.
I will definitely come back.
I mean this isn't my first time here, lol.
